# Botania r1.1-96
version:1.7
modname:Botania


cfgfile:config/Botania.cfg


texturepath:assets/botania/textures/blocks/
texture:id=botania/alchemyCatalyst0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/alchemyCatalyst0.png
texture:id=botania/alchemyCatalyst1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/alchemyCatalyst1.png
texture:id=botania/alchemyCatalyst2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/alchemyCatalyst2.png
texture:id=botania/alfheimPortal0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/alfheimPortal0.png
texture:id=botania/alfheimPortal1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/alfheimPortal1.png
texture:id=botania/bifrost,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/bifrost.png
texture:id=botania/blockBlazeQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockBlazeQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/blockBlazeQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockBlazeQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/blockDarkQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockDarkQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/blockDarkQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockDarkQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/blockElfQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockElfQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/blockElfQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockElfQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/blockLavenderQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockLavenderQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/blockLavenderQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockLavenderQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/blockManaQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockManaQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/blockManaQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockManaQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/blockRedQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockRedQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/blockRedQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/blockRedQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/buriedPetals,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/buriedPetals.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledBlazeQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledBlazeQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledBlazeQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledBlazeQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledDarkQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledDarkQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledDarkQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledDarkQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledElfQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledElfQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledElfQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledElfQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledLavenderQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledLavenderQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledLavenderQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledLavenderQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledManaQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledManaQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledManaQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledManaQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledRedQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledRedQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/chiseledRedQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/chiseledRedQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/conjurationCatalyst0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/conjurationCatalyst0.png
texture:id=botania/conjurationCatalyst1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/conjurationCatalyst1.png
texture:id=botania/conjurationCatalyst2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/conjurationCatalyst2.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick0.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick1.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick10,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick10.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick11,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick11.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick12,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick12.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick13,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick13.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick14,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick14.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick15,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick15.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick2.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick3,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick3.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick4,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick4.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick5,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick5.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick6,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick6.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick7,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick7.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick8,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick8.png
texture:id=botania/customBrick9,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/customBrick9.png
texture:id=botania/distributor0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/distributor0.png
texture:id=botania/distributor1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/distributor1.png
texture:id=botania/dreamwood0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/dreamwood0.png
texture:id=botania/dreamwood1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/dreamwood1.png
texture:id=botania/dreamwood2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/dreamwood2.png
texture:id=botania/dreamwood3,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/dreamwood3.png
texture:id=botania/dreamwood4,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/dreamwood4.png
texture:id=botania/dreamwood5,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/dreamwood5.png
texture:id=botania/enchanter,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/enchanter.png
texture:id=botania/enderEyeBlock0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/enderEyeBlock0.png
texture:id=botania/enderEyeBlock1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/enderEyeBlock1.png
texture:id=botania/flower0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower0.png
texture:id=botania/flower1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower1.png
texture:id=botania/flower10,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower10.png
texture:id=botania/flower11,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower11.png
texture:id=botania/flower12,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower12.png
texture:id=botania/flower13,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower13.png
texture:id=botania/flower14,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower14.png
texture:id=botania/flower15,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower15.png
texture:id=botania/flower16,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower16.png
texture:id=botania/flower2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower2.png
texture:id=botania/flower3,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower3.png
texture:id=botania/flower4,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower4.png
texture:id=botania/flower5,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower5.png
texture:id=botania/flower6,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower6.png
texture:id=botania/flower7,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower7.png
texture:id=botania/flower8,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower8.png
texture:id=botania/flower9,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/flower9.png
texture:id=botania/forestDrum0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestDrum0.png
texture:id=botania/forestDrum1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestDrum1.png
texture:id=botania/forestDrum2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestDrum2.png
texture:id=botania/forestDrum3,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestDrum3.png
texture:id=botania/forestEye0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestEye0.png
texture:id=botania/forestEye1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestEye1.png
texture:id=botania/forestEye2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestEye2.png
texture:id=botania/forestEye3,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestEye3.png
texture:id=botania/forestEye4,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestEye4.png
texture:id=botania/forestEye5,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/forestEye5.png
texture:id=botania/livingrock0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingrock0.png
texture:id=botania/livingrock1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingrock1.png
texture:id=botania/livingrock2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingrock2.png
texture:id=botania/livingrock3,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingrock3.png
texture:id=botania/livingrock4,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingrock4.png
texture:id=botania/livingwood0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingwood0.png
texture:id=botania/livingwood1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingwood1.png
texture:id=botania/livingwood2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingwood2.png
texture:id=botania/livingwood3,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingwood3.png
texture:id=botania/livingwood4,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingwood4.png
texture:id=botania/livingwood5,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/livingwood5.png
texture:id=botania/manaBeacon0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/manaBeacon0.png
texture:id=botania/manaBeacon1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/manaBeacon1.png
texture:id=botania/manaDetector0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/manaDetector0.png
texture:id=botania/manaDetector1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/manaDetector1.png
texture:id=botania/manaVoid0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/manaVoid0.png
texture:id=botania/openCrate0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/openCrate0.png
texture:id=botania/openCrate1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/openCrate1.png
texture:id=botania/openCrate2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/openCrate2.png
texture:id=botania/openCrate3,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/openCrate3.png
texture:id=botania/pillarBlazeQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarBlazeQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/pillarBlazeQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarBlazeQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/pillarDarkQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarDarkQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/pillarDarkQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarDarkQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/pillarElfQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarElfQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/pillarElfQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarElfQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/pillarLavenderQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarLavenderQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/pillarLavenderQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarLavenderQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/pillarManaQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarManaQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/pillarManaQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarManaQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/pillarRedQuartz0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarRedQuartz0.png
texture:id=botania/pillarRedQuartz1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pillarRedQuartz1.png
texture:id=botania/pistonRelay,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/pistonRelay.png
texture:id=botania/platform0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/platform0.png
texture:id=botania/platform1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/platform1.png
texture:id=botania/platform2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/platform2.png
texture:id=botania/prismarine0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/prismarine0.png
texture:id=botania/prismarine1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/prismarine1.png
texture:id=botania/prismarine2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/prismarine2.png
texture:id=botania/reedBlock0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/reedBlock0.png
texture:id=botania/reedBlock1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/reedBlock1.png
texture:id=botania/runeAltar0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/runeAltar0.png
texture:id=botania/runeAltar1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/runeAltar1.png
texture:id=botania/runeAltar2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/runeAltar2.png
texture:id=botania/seaLamp,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/seaLamp.png
texture:id=botania/storage0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/storage0.png
texture:id=botania/storage1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/storage1.png
texture:id=botania/storage2,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/storage2.png
texture:id=botania/thatch,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/thatch.png
texture:id=botania/tinyPlanetBlock,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/tinyPlanetBlock.png
texture:id=botania/turntable0,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/turntable0.png
texture:id=botania/turntable1,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/turntable1.png
texture:id=botania/unstableBlock,filename=assets/botania/textures/blocks/unstableBlock.png
texture:id=minecraft/cobblestone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cobblestone.png
texture:id=minecraft/diamond_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/diamond_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/hardened_clay,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/hardened_clay.png
texture:id=minecraft/vine,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/vine.png



# %flower:* (flower), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderSpecialFlower(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockModFlower
block:id=%flower,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower0
block:id=%flower,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower1
block:id=%flower,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower2
block:id=%flower,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower3
block:id=%flower,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower4
block:id=%flower,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower5
block:id=%flower,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower6
block:id=%flower,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower7
block:id=%flower,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower8
block:id=%flower,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower9
block:id=%flower,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower10
block:id=%flower,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower11
block:id=%flower,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower12
block:id=%flower,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower13
block:id=%flower,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower14
block:id=%flower,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower15

# %altar:* (altar), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderAltar(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockAltar
block:id=%altar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/cobblestone

# %livingrock:* (livingrock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockLivingrock
block:id=%livingrock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock0
block:id=%livingrock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock1
block:id=%livingrock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock2
block:id=%livingrock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock3
block:id=%livingrock,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock4

# %livingwood:* (livingwood), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockLivingwood
block:id=%livingwood,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood0
block:id=%livingwood,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood1
block:id=%livingwood,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood2
block:id=%livingwood,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood3
block:id=%livingwood,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood4
block:id=%livingwood,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood5

# %specialFlower:* (specialFlower), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderSpecialFlower(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockSpecialFlower
block:id=%specialFlower,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower16

# %spreader:* (spreader), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderSpreader(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockSpreader
block:id=%spreader,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood0
block:id=%spreader,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood1
block:id=%spreader,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood2
block:id=%spreader,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood3
block:id=%spreader,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood4
block:id=%spreader,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood5

# %pool:* (pool), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderPool(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockPool
block:id=%pool,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock0

# %runeAltar:* (runeAltar), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockRuneAltar
block:id=%runeAltar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:botania/runeAltar0,face1=0:botania/runeAltar1,face2-5=0:botania/runeAltar2

# %unstableBlock:* (unstableBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockUnstable
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFD98033,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFB34DD9,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF6699D9,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFE6E633,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF80CC1A,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFF280A6,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF4D4D4D,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF999999,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF4D8099,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF8040B3,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF334DB3,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF664D33,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF668033,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF993333,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock
block:id=%unstableBlock,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF1A1A1A,face0-5=17000:botania/unstableBlock

# %pylon:* (pylon), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderPylon(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockPylon
block:id=%pylon,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=%pylon,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/storage1
block:id=%pylon,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/storage2

# %pistonRelay:* (pistonRelay), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockPistonRelay
block:id=%pistonRelay,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/pistonRelay

# %distributor:* (distributor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockDistributor
block:id=%distributor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:botania/livingrock0,face1=0:botania/distributor0,face2-5=0:botania/distributor1

# %manaBeacon:* (manaBeacon), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockManaBeacon
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=0:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=0:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFD98033,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFB34DD9,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF6699D9,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFE6E633,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF80CC1A,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFF280A6,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF4D4D4D,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF999999,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF4D8099,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF8040B3,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF334DB3,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF664D33,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF668033,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF993333,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0
block:id=%manaBeacon,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF1A1A1A,face0=17000:botania/manaBeacon0,face1=17000:botania/manaBeacon1,face2-5=17000:botania/manaBeacon0

# %manaVoid:* (manaVoid), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockManaVoid
block:id=%manaVoid,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/manaVoid0

# %manaDetector:* (manaDetector), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockManaDetector
block:id=%manaDetector,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/manaDetector0
block:id=%manaDetector,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/manaDetector1

# %enchanter:* (enchanter), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockEnchanter
block:id=%enchanter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/enchanter

# %turntable:* (turntable), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockTurntable
block:id=%turntable,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:botania/turntable1,face1=0:botania/turntable0,face2-5=0:botania/turntable1

# %tinyPlanetBlock:* (tinyPlanetBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockTinyPlanet
block:id=%tinyPlanetBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/tinyPlanetBlock

# %alchemyCatalyst:* (alchemyCatalyst), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockAlchemyCatalyst
block:id=%alchemyCatalyst,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:botania/alchemyCatalyst0,face1=0:botania/alchemyCatalyst1,face2-5=0:botania/alchemyCatalyst2

# %openCrate:* (openCrate), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockOpenCrate
block:id=%openCrate,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:botania/openCrate1,face1-5=0:botania/openCrate0
block:id=%openCrate,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:botania/openCrate3,face1-5=0:botania/openCrate2

# %forestEye:* (forestEye), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockForestEye
block:id=%forestEye,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:botania/forestEye0,face1=0:botania/forestEye1,face2=0:botania/forestEye2,face3=0:botania/forestEye3,face4=0:botania/forestEye4,face5=0:botania/forestEye5

# %storage:* (storage), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockStorage
block:id=%storage,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/storage0
block:id=%storage,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/storage1
block:id=%storage,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/storage2

# %forestDrum:* (forestDrum), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockForestDrum
block:id=%forestDrum,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/forestDrum0,face2-5=0:botania/forestDrum1
block:id=%forestDrum,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/forestDrum2,face2-5=0:botania/forestDrum3
block:id=%forestDrum,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/forestDrum0,face2-5=0:botania/forestDrum1

# %shinyFlower:* (shinyFlower), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderSpecialFlower(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockShinyFlower
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower0
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower1
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower2
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower3
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower4
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower5
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower6
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower7
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower8
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower9
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower10
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower11
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower12
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower13
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower14
block:id=%shinyFlower,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/flower15

# %platform:* (platform), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockPlatform
block:id=%platform,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/platform0
block:id=%platform,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/platform1
block:id=%platform,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/platform2

# %alfheimPortal:* (alfheimPortal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockAlfPortal
block:id=%alfheimPortal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/alfheimPortal0
block:id=%alfheimPortal,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/alfheimPortal1

# %dreamwood:* (dreamwood), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockDreamwood
block:id=%dreamwood,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood0
block:id=%dreamwood,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood1
block:id=%dreamwood,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood2
block:id=%dreamwood,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood3
block:id=%dreamwood,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood4
block:id=%dreamwood,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood5

# %conjurationCatalyst:* (conjurationCatalyst), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockConjurationCatalyst
block:id=%conjurationCatalyst,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:botania/conjurationCatalyst0,face1=0:botania/conjurationCatalyst1,face2-5=0:botania/conjurationCatalyst2

# %bifrost:* (bifrost), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockBifrost
block:id=%bifrost,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:botania/bifrost

# %solidVine:* (solidVine), render=(VINE), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockSolidVines
block:id=%solidVine,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=2000:minecraft/vine

# %buriedPetals:* (buriedPetals), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockBuriedPetals
block:id=%buriedPetals,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/buriedPetals

# %prismarine:* (prismarine), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockPrismarine
block:id=%prismarine,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine0
block:id=%prismarine,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine1
block:id=%prismarine,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine2

# %seaLamp:* (seaLamp), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockSeaLamp
block:id=%seaLamp,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/seaLamp

# %miniIsland:* (miniIsland), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderMiniIsland(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockMiniIsland
block:id=%miniIsland,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt
block:id=%miniIsland,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_side
block:id=%miniIsland,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt

# %tinyPotato:* (tinyPotato), render=vazkii.botania.client.render.block.RenderTinyPotato(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockTinyPotato
block:id=%tinyPotato,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/hardened_clay

# %reedBlock:* (reedBlock), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockReeds
block:id=%reedBlock,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/reedBlock1,face2-5=0:botania/reedBlock0
block:id=%reedBlock,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:botania/reedBlock0,face2-3=4000:botania/reedBlock0,face4-5=0:botania/reedBlock1
block:id=%reedBlock,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:botania/reedBlock0,face2-3=0:botania/reedBlock1,face4-5=4000:botania/reedBlock0
block:id=%reedBlock,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/reedBlock0

# %thatch:* (thatch), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockThatch
block:id=%thatch,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/thatch

# %customBrick:* (customBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.BlockCustomBrick
block:id=%customBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick0
block:id=%customBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick1
block:id=%customBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick2
block:id=%customBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick3
block:id=%customBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick4
block:id=%customBrick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick5
block:id=%customBrick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick6
block:id=%customBrick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick7
block:id=%customBrick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick8
block:id=%customBrick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick9
block:id=%customBrick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick10
block:id=%customBrick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick11
block:id=%customBrick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick12
block:id=%customBrick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick13
block:id=%customBrick,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick14
block:id=%customBrick,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick15

# %enderEyeBlock:* (enderEyeBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.BlockEnderEye
block:id=%enderEyeBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/enderEyeBlock0
block:id=%enderEyeBlock,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/enderEyeBlock1

# %livingwood0Stairs:* (livingwood0Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.living.BlockLivingwoodStairs
block:id=%livingwood0Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood0

# %livingwood1Stairs:* (livingwood1Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.living.BlockLivingwoodPlankStairs
block:id=%livingwood1Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood1

# %livingrock0Stairs:* (livingrock0Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.living.BlockLivingrockStairs
block:id=%livingrock0Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock0

# %livingrock1Stairs:* (livingrock1Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.living.BlockLivingrockBrickStairs
block:id=%livingrock1Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock1

# %dreamwood0Stairs:* (dreamwood0Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.living.BlockDreamwoodStairs
block:id=%dreamwood0Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood0

# %dreamwood1Stairs:* (dreamwood1Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.living.BlockDreamwoodPlankStairs
block:id=%dreamwood1Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood1

# %reedBlock0Stairs:* (reedBlock0Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.BlockReedStairs
block:id=%reedBlock0Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/reedBlock1,face2-5=0:botania/reedBlock0

# %thatch0Stairs:* (thatch0Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.BlockThatchStairs
block:id=%thatch0Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/thatch

# %prismarine0Stairs:* (prismarine0Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.prismarine.BlockPrismarineStairs
block:id=%prismarine0Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine0

# %prismarine1Stairs:* (prismarine1Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.prismarine.BlockPrismarineBrickStairs
block:id=%prismarine1Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine1

# %prismarine2Stairs:* (prismarine2Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.prismarine.BlockDarkPrismarineStairs
block:id=%prismarine2Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine2

# %customBrick0Stairs:* (customBrick0Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.bricks.BlockCustomBrickStairs
block:id=%customBrick0Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick0

# %customBrick1Stairs:* (customBrick1Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.bricks.BlockSoulBrickStairs
block:id=%customBrick1Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick1

# %customBrick2Stairs:* (customBrick2Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.bricks.BlockSnowBrickStairs
block:id=%customBrick2Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick2

# %customBrick3Stairs:* (customBrick3Stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.stairs.bricks.BlockTileStairs
block:id=%customBrick3Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick3

# %quartzTypeDark:* (quartzTypeDark), render=(QUARTZ), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartz
block:id=%quartzTypeDark,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeDark,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/chiseledDarkQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/chiseledDarkQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeDark,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarDarkQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/pillarDarkQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeDark,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=4000:botania/pillarDarkQuartz0,face2-3=0:botania/pillarDarkQuartz0,face4-5=6000:botania/pillarDarkQuartz1
block:id=%quartzTypeDark,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarDarkQuartz0,face2-3=6000:botania/pillarDarkQuartz1,face4-5=0:botania/pillarDarkQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeDark,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz0

# %quartzStairsDark:* (quartzStairsDark), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzStairs
block:id=%quartzStairsDark,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz0

# %quartzTypeMana:* (quartzTypeMana), render=(QUARTZ), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartz
block:id=%quartzTypeMana,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockManaQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockManaQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeMana,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/chiseledManaQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/chiseledManaQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeMana,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarManaQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/pillarManaQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeMana,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=4000:botania/pillarManaQuartz0,face2-3=0:botania/pillarManaQuartz0,face4-5=6000:botania/pillarManaQuartz1
block:id=%quartzTypeMana,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarManaQuartz0,face2-3=6000:botania/pillarManaQuartz1,face4-5=0:botania/pillarManaQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeMana,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockManaQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockManaQuartz0

# %quartzStairsMana:* (quartzStairsMana), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzStairs
block:id=%quartzStairsMana,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockManaQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockManaQuartz0

# %quartzTypeBlaze:* (quartzTypeBlaze), render=(QUARTZ), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartz
block:id=%quartzTypeBlaze,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeBlaze,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/chiseledBlazeQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/chiseledBlazeQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeBlaze,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarBlazeQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/pillarBlazeQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeBlaze,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=4000:botania/pillarBlazeQuartz0,face2-3=0:botania/pillarBlazeQuartz0,face4-5=6000:botania/pillarBlazeQuartz1
block:id=%quartzTypeBlaze,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarBlazeQuartz0,face2-3=6000:botania/pillarBlazeQuartz1,face4-5=0:botania/pillarBlazeQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeBlaze,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz0

# %quartzStairsBlaze:* (quartzStairsBlaze), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzStairs
block:id=%quartzStairsBlaze,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz0

# %quartzTypeLavender:* (quartzTypeLavender), render=(QUARTZ), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartz
block:id=%quartzTypeLavender,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeLavender,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/chiseledLavenderQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/chiseledLavenderQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeLavender,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarLavenderQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/pillarLavenderQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeLavender,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=4000:botania/pillarLavenderQuartz0,face2-3=0:botania/pillarLavenderQuartz0,face4-5=6000:botania/pillarLavenderQuartz1
block:id=%quartzTypeLavender,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarLavenderQuartz0,face2-3=6000:botania/pillarLavenderQuartz1,face4-5=0:botania/pillarLavenderQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeLavender,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz0

# %quartzStairsLavender:* (quartzStairsLavender), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzStairs
block:id=%quartzStairsLavender,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz0

# %quartzTypeRed:* (quartzTypeRed), render=(QUARTZ), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartz
block:id=%quartzTypeRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockRedQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockRedQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/chiseledRedQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/chiseledRedQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarRedQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/pillarRedQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=4000:botania/pillarRedQuartz0,face2-3=0:botania/pillarRedQuartz0,face4-5=6000:botania/pillarRedQuartz1
block:id=%quartzTypeRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarRedQuartz0,face2-3=6000:botania/pillarRedQuartz1,face4-5=0:botania/pillarRedQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeRed,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockRedQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockRedQuartz0

# %quartzStairsRed:* (quartzStairsRed), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzStairs
block:id=%quartzStairsRed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockRedQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockRedQuartz0

# %quartzTypeElf:* (quartzTypeElf), render=(QUARTZ), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartz
block:id=%quartzTypeElf,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockElfQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockElfQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeElf,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/chiseledElfQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/chiseledElfQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeElf,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarElfQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/pillarElfQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeElf,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=4000:botania/pillarElfQuartz0,face2-3=0:botania/pillarElfQuartz0,face4-5=6000:botania/pillarElfQuartz1
block:id=%quartzTypeElf,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/pillarElfQuartz0,face2-3=6000:botania/pillarElfQuartz1,face4-5=0:botania/pillarElfQuartz0
block:id=%quartzTypeElf,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockElfQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockElfQuartz0

# %quartzStairsElf:* (quartzStairsElf), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzStairs
block:id=%quartzStairsElf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockElfQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockElfQuartz0

# %quartzSlabDarkHalf:* (quartzSlabDarkHalf), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabDarkHalf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz0

# %quartzSlabDarkFull:* (quartzSlabDarkFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabDarkFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockDarkQuartz0

# %quartzSlabManaHalf:* (quartzSlabManaHalf), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabManaHalf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockManaQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockManaQuartz0

# %quartzSlabManaFull:* (quartzSlabManaFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabManaFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockManaQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockManaQuartz0

# %quartzSlabBlazeHalf:* (quartzSlabBlazeHalf), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabBlazeHalf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz0

# %quartzSlabBlazeFull:* (quartzSlabBlazeFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabBlazeFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockBlazeQuartz0

# %quartzSlabLavenderHalf:* (quartzSlabLavenderHalf), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabLavenderHalf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz0

# %quartzSlabLavenderFull:* (quartzSlabLavenderFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabLavenderFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockLavenderQuartz0

# %quartzSlabRedHalf:* (quartzSlabRedHalf), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabRedHalf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockRedQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockRedQuartz0

# %quartzSlabRedFull:* (quartzSlabRedFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabRedFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockRedQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockRedQuartz0

# %quartzSlabElfHalf:* (quartzSlabElfHalf), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabElfHalf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/blockElfQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockElfQuartz0

# %quartzSlabElfFull:* (quartzSlabElfFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.quartz.BlockSpecialQuartzSlab
block:id=%quartzSlabElfFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/blockElfQuartz1,face2-5=0:botania/blockElfQuartz0

# %livingwood0Slab:* (livingwood0Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockLivingwoodSlab
block:id=%livingwood0Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood0

# %livingwood0SlabFull:* (livingwood0SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockLivingwoodSlab
block:id=%livingwood0SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood0

# %livingwood1Slab:* (livingwood1Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockLivingwoodPlankSlab
block:id=%livingwood1Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood1

# %livingwood1SlabFull:* (livingwood1SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockLivingwoodPlankSlab
block:id=%livingwood1SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingwood1

# %livingrock0Slab:* (livingrock0Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockLivingrockSlab
block:id=%livingrock0Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock0

# %livingrock0SlabFull:* (livingrock0SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockLivingrockSlab
block:id=%livingrock0SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock0

# %livingrock1Slab:* (livingrock1Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockLivingrockBrickSlab
block:id=%livingrock1Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock1

# %livingrock1SlabFull:* (livingrock1SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockLivingrockBrickSlab
block:id=%livingrock1SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/livingrock1

# %dreamwood0Slab:* (dreamwood0Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockDreamwoodSlab
block:id=%dreamwood0Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood0

# %dreamwood0SlabFull:* (dreamwood0SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockDreamwoodSlab
block:id=%dreamwood0SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood0

# %dreamwood1Slab:* (dreamwood1Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockDreamwoodPlankSlab
block:id=%dreamwood1Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood1

# %dreamwood1SlabFull:* (dreamwood1SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.living.BlockDreamwoodPlankSlab
block:id=%dreamwood1SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/dreamwood1

# %reedBlock0Slab:* (reedBlock0Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.BlockReedSlab
block:id=%reedBlock0Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:botania/reedBlock1,face2-5=0:botania/reedBlock0

# %reedBlock0SlabFull:* (reedBlock0SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.BlockReedSlab
block:id=%reedBlock0SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:botania/reedBlock1,face2-5=0:botania/reedBlock0

# %thatch0Slab:* (thatch0Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.BlockThatchSlab
block:id=%thatch0Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/thatch

# %thatch0SlabFull:* (thatch0SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.BlockThatchSlab
block:id=%thatch0SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/thatch

# %prismarine0Slab:* (prismarine0Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.prismarine.BlockPrismarineSlab
block:id=%prismarine0Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine0

# %prismarine0SlabFull:* (prismarine0SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.prismarine.BlockPrismarineSlab
block:id=%prismarine0SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine0

# %prismarine1Slab:* (prismarine1Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.prismarine.BlockPrismarineBrickSlab
block:id=%prismarine1Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine1

# %prismarine1SlabFull:* (prismarine1SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.prismarine.BlockPrismarineBrickSlab
block:id=%prismarine1SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine1

# %prismarine2Slab:* (prismarine2Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.prismarine.BlockDarkPrismarineSlab
block:id=%prismarine2Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine2

# %prismarine2SlabFull:* (prismarine2SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.prismarine.BlockDarkPrismarineSlab
block:id=%prismarine2SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/prismarine2

# %customBrick0Slab:* (customBrick0Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.bricks.BlockCustomBrickSlab
block:id=%customBrick0Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick0

# %customBrick0SlabFull:* (customBrick0SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.bricks.BlockCustomBrickSlab
block:id=%customBrick0SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick0

# %customBrick1Slab:* (customBrick1Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.bricks.BlockSoulBrickSlab
block:id=%customBrick1Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick1

# %customBrick1SlabFull:* (customBrick1SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.bricks.BlockSoulBrickSlab
block:id=%customBrick1SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick1

# %customBrick2Slab:* (customBrick2Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.bricks.BlockSnowBrickSlab
block:id=%customBrick2Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick2

# %customBrick2SlabFull:* (customBrick2SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.bricks.BlockSnowBrickSlab
block:id=%customBrick2SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick2

# %customBrick3Slab:* (customBrick3Slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.bricks.BlockTileSlab
block:id=%customBrick3Slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick3

# %customBrick3SlabFull:* (customBrick3SlabFull), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=vazkii.botania.common.block.decor.slabs.bricks.BlockTileSlab
block:id=%customBrick3SlabFull,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botania/customBrick3
