# EnderIO 2.0_beta
version:1.7
modname:EnderIO



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/enderio/textures/blocks/
texture:id=enderIO/conduitConnector,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/conduitConnector.png
texture:id=enderio/alloySmelterFront,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/alloySmelterFront.png
texture:id=enderio/blankMachinePanel,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blankMachinePanel.png
texture:id=enderio/blockDarkIronBars,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockDarkIronBars.png
texture:id=enderio/blockDarkSteelPressurePlate,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.png
texture:id=enderio/blockElectricLightFace,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockElectricLightFace.png
texture:id=enderio/blockEnchanter,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockEnchanter.png
texture:id=enderio/blockEnderIo,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockEnderIo.png
texture:id=enderio/blockTank,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockTank.png
texture:id=enderio/blockTankAdvanced,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockTankAdvanced.png
texture:id=enderio/blockTankTopAdvanced,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockTankTopAdvanced.png
texture:id=enderio/blockTravelAnchor,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockTravelAnchor.png
texture:id=enderio/blockVacuumChest,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockVacuumChest.png
texture:id=enderio/blockWirelessChargerOff,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/blockWirelessChargerOff.png
texture:id=enderio/capacitorBank,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/capacitorBank.png
texture:id=enderio/combustionGenFront,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/combustionGenFront.png
texture:id=enderio/conduitConnector,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/conduitConnector.png
texture:id=enderio/conduitFacade,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/conduitFacade.png
texture:id=enderio/crafter,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/crafter.png
texture:id=enderio/crafterSide,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/crafterSide.png
texture:id=enderio/crafterTop,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/crafterTop.png
texture:id=enderio/crusherFront,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/crusherFront.png
texture:id=enderio/endermanSkullFront,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/endermanSkullFront.png
texture:id=enderio/endermanSkullFrontEyes,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/endermanSkullFrontEyes.png
texture:id=enderio/endermanSkullSide,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/endermanSkullSide.png
texture:id=enderio/endermanSkullTop,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/endermanSkullTop.png
texture:id=enderio/fire_water_flow,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/fire_water_flow.png
texture:id=enderio/fire_water_still,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/fire_water_still.png
texture:id=enderio/fusedGlass,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/fusedGlass.png
texture:id=enderio/fusedQuartz,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/fusedQuartz.png
texture:id=enderio/hootch_flow,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/hootch_flow.png
texture:id=enderio/hootch_still,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/hootch_still.png
texture:id=enderio/machineBack,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/machineBack.png
texture:id=enderio/machineSide,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/machineSide.png
texture:id=enderio/machineTop,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/machineTop.png
texture:id=enderio/nutrient_distillation_flow,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/nutrient_distillation_flow.png
texture:id=enderio/nutrient_distillation_still,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/nutrient_distillation_still.png
texture:id=enderio/painterFrontOff,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/painterFrontOff.png
texture:id=enderio/powerMonitor,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/powerMonitor.png
texture:id=enderio/poweredSpawnerFront,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/poweredSpawnerFront.png
texture:id=enderio/reservoir,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/reservoir.png
texture:id=enderio/rocket_fuel_flow,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/rocket_fuel_flow.png
texture:id=enderio/rocket_fuel_still,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/rocket_fuel_still.png
texture:id=enderio/solarPanelAdvancedSide,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/solarPanelAdvancedSide.png
texture:id=enderio/solarPanelAdvancedTop,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/solarPanelAdvancedTop.png
texture:id=enderio/solarPanelSide,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/solarPanelSide.png
texture:id=enderio/solarPanelTop,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/solarPanelTop.png
texture:id=enderio/stirlingGenFrontOff,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/stirlingGenFrontOff.png
texture:id=enderio/tesseractPortal,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/tesseractPortal.png
texture:id=enderio/vatFront,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/vatFront.png
texture:id=enderio/vatTop,filename=assets/enderio/textures/blocks/vatTop.png
texture:id=minecraft/cobblestone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cobblestone.png
texture:id=minecraft/cobblestone_mossy,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cobblestone_mossy.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_black,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_black.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_blue,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_blue.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_brown,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_brown.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_cyan,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_cyan.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_gray,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_gray.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_green,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_green.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_light_blue,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_light_blue.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_lime,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_lime.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_magenta,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_magenta.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_orange,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_orange.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_pink,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_pink.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_purple,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_purple.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_red,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_red.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_silver,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_silver.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_white,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_white.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_yellow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_yellow.png



# %blockEnderIo:* (blockEnderIo), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.enderface.BlockEnderIO
block:id=%blockEnderIo,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:enderio/blockEnderIo

# %blockTravelAnchor:* (blockTravelAnchor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.teleport.BlockTravelAnchor
block:id=%blockTravelAnchor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/blockTravelAnchor

# %blockSolarPanel:* (blockSolarPanel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.solar.BlockSolarPanel
block:id=%blockSolarPanel,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:enderio/solarPanelSide,face1=0:enderio/solarPanelTop,face2-5=0:enderio/solarPanelSide
block:id=%blockSolarPanel,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:enderio/solarPanelAdvancedSide,face1=0:enderio/solarPanelAdvancedTop,face2-5=0:enderio/solarPanelAdvancedSide

# %blockStirlingGenerator:* (blockStirlingGenerator), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.AbstractMachineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.generator.stirling.BlockStirlingGenerator
block:id=%blockStirlingGenerator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/machineSide,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2=0:enderio/machineBack,face3=0:enderio/stirlingGenFrontOff,face4-5=0:enderio/machineSide

# %blockCombustionGenerator:* (blockCombustionGenerator), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.generator.combustion.CombustionGeneratorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.generator.combustion.BlockCombustionGenerator
block:id=%blockCombustionGenerator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/machineSide,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2=0:enderio/blankMachinePanel,face3=0:enderio/combustionGenFront,face4-5=0:enderio/machineSide

# %blockZombieGenerator:* (blockZombieGenerator), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.generator.zombie.BlockZombieGenerator
block:id=%blockZombieGenerator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/machineSide,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2=0:enderio/machineBack,face3=0:enderio/stirlingGenFrontOff,face4-5=0:enderio/machineSide

# %blockSagMill:* (blockSagMill), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.AbstractMachineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.crusher.BlockCrusher
block:id=%blockSagMill,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/machineSide,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2=0:enderio/machineBack,face3=0:enderio/crusherFront,face4-5=0:enderio/machineSide

# %blockAlloySmelter:* (blockAlloySmelter), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.AbstractMachineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.alloy.BlockAlloySmelter
block:id=%blockAlloySmelter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/machineSide,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2=0:enderio/machineBack,face3=0:enderio/alloySmelterFront,face4-5=0:enderio/machineSide

# %blockVat:* (blockVat), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.still.VatRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.still.BlockVat
block:id=%blockVat,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:enderio/vatTop,face2-5=0:enderio/vatFront

# %blockPowerMonitor:* (blockPowerMonitor), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.AbstractMachineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.monitor.BlockPowerMonitor
block:id=%blockPowerMonitor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/machineSide,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2=0:enderio/machineBack,face3=0:enderio/powerMonitor,face4-5=0:enderio/machineSide

# %blockFarmStation:* (blockFarmStation), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.farm.FarmingStationRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.farm.BlockFarmStation
block:id=%blockFarmStation,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:enderio/machineBack,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2-5=0:enderio/machineBack

# %blockCapacitorBank:* (blockCapacitorBank), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.power.CapBankRenderer2(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.power.BlockCapacitorBank
block:id=%blockCapacitorBank,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/capacitorBank

# %blockWirelessCharger:* (blockWirelessCharger), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.wireless.BlockWirelessCharger
block:id=%blockWirelessCharger,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/blockWirelessChargerOff

# %blockPainter:* (blockPainter), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.AbstractMachineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPainter
block:id=%blockPainter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/machineSide,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2=0:enderio/machineBack,face3=0:enderio/painterFrontOff,face4-5=0:enderio/machineSide

# %blockPaintedFence:* (blockPaintedFence), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedFence
block:id=%blockPaintedFence,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:enderio/conduitConnector

# %blockPaintedFenceGate:* (blockPaintedFenceGate), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedFenceGateRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedFenceGate
block:id=%blockPaintedFenceGate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %blockPaintedWall:* (blockPaintedWall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedWall
block:id=%blockPaintedWall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/cobblestone
block:id=%blockPaintedWall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/cobblestone_mossy
block:id=%blockPaintedWall,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/cobblestone

# %blockPaintedStair:* (blockPaintedStair), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedStair
block:id=%blockPaintedStair,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %blockPaintedSlab:* (blockPaintedSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedSlab
block:id=%blockPaintedSlab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:enderio/conduitConnector

# %blockPaintedDoubleSlab:* (blockPaintedDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedSlab
block:id=%blockPaintedDoubleSlab,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/conduitConnector

# %blockCrafter:* (blockCrafter), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.AbstractMachineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.crafter.BlockCrafter
block:id=%blockCrafter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/crafterSide,face1=0:enderio/crafterTop,face2=0:enderio/crafterSide,face3=0:enderio/crafter,face4-5=0:enderio/crafterSide

# %blockPaintedGlowstone:* (blockPaintedGlowstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedGlowstone
block:id=%blockPaintedGlowstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/conduitConnector

# %blockPaintedCarpet:* (blockPaintedCarpet), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.painter.BlockPaintedCarpet
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_white
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_orange
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_magenta
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_light_blue
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_yellow
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_lime
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_pink
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_gray
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_silver
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_cyan
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_purple
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_blue
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_brown
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_green
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_red
block:id=%blockPaintedCarpet,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_black

# %blockHyperCube:* (blockHyperCube), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.hypercube.BlockHyperCube
block:id=%blockHyperCube,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/tesseractPortal

# %blockElectricLight:* (blockElectricLight), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.light.ElectricLightRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.light.BlockElectricLight
block:id=%blockElectricLight,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:enderio/conduitConnector,face1=0:enderio/blockElectricLightFace,face2-5=0:enderio/conduitConnector

# %blockTank:* (blockTank), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.AbstractMachineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.tank.BlockTank
block:id=%blockTank,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/blockTank,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2-5=0:enderio/blockTank
block:id=%blockTank,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/blockTankAdvanced,face1=0:enderio/blockTankTopAdvanced,face2-5=0:enderio/blockTankAdvanced

# %blockReservoir:* (blockReservoir), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.reservoir.BlockReservoir
block:id=%blockReservoir,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/reservoir

# %blockVacuumChest:* (blockVacuumChest), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.vacuum.VacuumChestRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.vacuum.BlockVacuumChest
block:id=%blockVacuumChest,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/blockVacuumChest

# %blockEnchanter:* (blockEnchanter), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.enchanter.EnchanterRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.enchanter.BlockEnchanter
block:id=%blockEnchanter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/blockEnchanter

# %blockDarkSteelPressurePlate:* (blockDarkSteelPressurePlate), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.block.BlockDarkSteelPressurePlate
block:id=%blockDarkSteelPressurePlate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:enderio/blockDarkSteelPressurePlate

# %blockFusedQuartz:* (blockFusedQuartz), render=crazypants.enderio.material.FusedQuartzRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.material.BlockFusedQuartz
block:id=%blockFusedQuartz,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/fusedQuartz
block:id=%blockFusedQuartz,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/fusedGlass
block:id=%blockFusedQuartz,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/fusedQuartz
block:id=%blockFusedQuartz,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/fusedGlass

# %blockConduitBundle:* (blockConduitBundle), render=crazypants.enderio.conduit.render.ConduitBundleRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.conduit.BlockConduitBundle
block:id=%blockConduitBundle,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:enderIO/conduitConnector

# %blockConduitFacade:* (blockConduitFacade), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=crazypants.enderio.conduit.facade.BlockConduitFacade
block:id=%blockConduitFacade,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:enderio/conduitFacade

# %blockPoweredSpawner:* (blockPoweredSpawner), render=crazypants.enderio.machine.AbstractMachineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.machine.spawner.BlockPoweredSpawner
block:id=%blockPoweredSpawner,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:enderio/machineSide,face1=0:enderio/machineTop,face2=0:enderio/machineBack,face3=0:enderio/poweredSpawnerFront,face4-5=0:enderio/machineSide

# %blockNutrient_distillation:* (blockNutrient_distillation), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.fluid.BlockFluidEio
block:id=%blockNutrient_distillation,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:enderio/nutrient_distillation_still,face2-5=12000:enderio/nutrient_distillation_flow

# %blockHootch:* (blockHootch), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.fluid.BlockFluidEio
block:id=%blockHootch,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:enderio/hootch_still,face2-5=12000:enderio/hootch_flow

# %blockRocket_fuel:* (blockRocket_fuel), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.fluid.BlockFluidEio
block:id=%blockRocket_fuel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:enderio/rocket_fuel_still,face2-5=12000:enderio/rocket_fuel_flow

# %blockFire_water:* (blockFire_water), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.fluid.BlockFluidEio
block:id=%blockFire_water,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:enderio/fire_water_still,face2-5=12000:enderio/fire_water_flow

# %blockDarkIronBars:* (blockDarkIronBars), render=(PANE), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.material.BlockDarkIronBars
block:id=%blockDarkIronBars,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:enderio/blockDarkIronBars

# %blockEndermanSkull:* (blockEndermanSkull), render=crazypants.enderio.item.skull.EndermanSkullRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=crazypants.enderio.item.skull.BlockEndermanSkull
block:id=%blockEndermanSkull,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:enderio/endermanSkullTop,face2=0:enderio/endermanSkullFront,face3=0:enderio/endermanSkullTop,face4-5=0:enderio/endermanSkullSide
block:id=%blockEndermanSkull,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:enderio/endermanSkullTop,face2=0:enderio/endermanSkullFrontEyes,face3=0:enderio/endermanSkullTop,face4-5=0:enderio/endermanSkullSide
