# Forestry 2.4.0.0-711
version:1.7
modname:Forestry



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/forestry/textures/blocks/
texture:id=forestry/analyzer.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/analyzer.0.png
texture:id=forestry/apiaristchest.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiaristchest.0.png
texture:id=forestry/apiaristchest.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiaristchest.1.png
texture:id=forestry/apiaristchest.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiaristchest.2.png
texture:id=forestry/apiaristchest.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiaristchest.3.png
texture:id=forestry/apiaristchest.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiaristchest.4.png
texture:id=forestry/apiary.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiary.0.png
texture:id=forestry/apiary.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiary.1.png
texture:id=forestry/apiary.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiary.2.png
texture:id=forestry/apiary.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiary.4.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.bottom.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.entrance,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.entrance.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.fan.off,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.fan.off.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.heater.off,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.heater.off.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.plain,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.plain.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.sieve,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.sieve.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.stabiliser,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.stabiliser.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.swarmer.off,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.swarmer.off.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.valve,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.valve.png
texture:id=forestry/arbchest.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/arbchest.0.png
texture:id=forestry/arbchest.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/arbchest.1.png
texture:id=forestry/arbchest.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/arbchest.2.png
texture:id=forestry/arbchest.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/arbchest.3.png
texture:id=forestry/arbchest.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/arbchest.4.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.1.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.1.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.1.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.1.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.2.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.2.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.2.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.2.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.3.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.3.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.3.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.3.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.4.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.4.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.4.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.4.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.5.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.5.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.5.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.5.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.6.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.6.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.6.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.6.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.7.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.7.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.7.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.7.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.8.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.8.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.8.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.8.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehouse.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehouse.0.png
texture:id=forestry/beehouse.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehouse.1.png
texture:id=forestry/beehouse.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehouse.2.png
texture:id=forestry/beehouse.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehouse.4.png
texture:id=forestry/bottler.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/bottler.0.png
texture:id=forestry/carpenter.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/carpenter.0.png
texture:id=forestry/centrifuge.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/centrifuge.0.png
texture:id=forestry/enginebronze.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/enginebronze.0.png
texture:id=forestry/engineclockwork.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/engineclockwork.0.png
texture:id=forestry/enginecopper.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/enginecopper.0.png
texture:id=forestry/enginetin.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/enginetin.0.png
texture:id=forestry/escritoire.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/escritoire.0.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.0.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.1.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.2.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.3.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.4.png
texture:id=forestry/fermenter.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fermenter.0.png
texture:id=forestry/generator.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/generator.0.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBalsa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeBalsa.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/deciduous.fancy.png
texture:id=forestry/lepichest.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/lepichest.0.png
texture:id=forestry/lepichest.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/lepichest.1.png
texture:id=forestry/lepichest.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/lepichest.2.png
texture:id=forestry/lepichest.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/lepichest.3.png
texture:id=forestry/lepichest.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/lepichest.4.png
texture:id=forestry/mailbox.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/mailbox.0.png
texture:id=forestry/mailbox.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/mailbox.1.png
texture:id=forestry/mailbox.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/mailbox.2.png
texture:id=forestry/moistener.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/moistener.0.png
texture:id=forestry/ores/apatite,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/ores/apatite.png
texture:id=forestry/ores/copper,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/ores/copper.png
texture:id=forestry/ores/tin,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/ores/tin.png
texture:id=forestry/philatelist.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/philatelist.0.png
texture:id=forestry/philatelist.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/philatelist.1.png
texture:id=forestry/philatelist.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/philatelist.2.png
texture:id=forestry/philatelist.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/philatelist.3.png
texture:id=forestry/pods/papaya.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/pods/papaya.2.png
texture:id=forestry/rainmaker.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/rainmaker.0.png
texture:id=forestry/raintank.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/raintank.0.png
texture:id=forestry/raintank.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/raintank.1.png
texture:id=forestry/soil/bog,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/soil/bog.png
texture:id=forestry/soil/humus,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/soil/humus.png
texture:id=forestry/soil/peat,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/soil/peat.png
texture:id=forestry/squeezer.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/squeezer.0.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/0.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/1.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/10,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/10.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/11,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/11.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/12,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/12.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/13,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/13.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/14,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/14.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/15,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/15.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/2.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/3.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/4.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/5,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/5.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/6,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/6.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/7,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/7.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/8,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/8.png
texture:id=forestry/stained/9,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stained/9.png
texture:id=forestry/still.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/still.0.png
texture:id=forestry/stump,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stump.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.0.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.1.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.2.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.3.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.4.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.acacia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.acacia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.balsa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.balsa.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.baobab,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.baobab.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.cherry,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.cherry.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.chestnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.chestnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.citrus,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.citrus.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.ebony,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.ebony.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.giganteum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.giganteum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.greenheart,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.greenheart.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.kapok,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.kapok.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.larch,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.larch.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.lime,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.lime.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.mahoe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.mahoe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.mahogany,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.mahogany.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.maple,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.maple.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.palm,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.palm.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.papaya,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.papaya.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.pine,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.pine.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.plum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.plum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.poplar,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.poplar.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.sequoia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.sequoia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.teak,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.teak.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.walnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.walnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.wenge,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.wenge.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.willow,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.willow.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.acacia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.acacia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.balsa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.balsa.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.baobab,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.baobab.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.cherry,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.cherry.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.chestnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.chestnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.citrus,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.citrus.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.ebony,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.ebony.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.giganteum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.giganteum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.greenheart,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.greenheart.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.kapok,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.kapok.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.larch,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.larch.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.lime,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.lime.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.mahoe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.mahoe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.mahogany,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.mahogany.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.maple,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.maple.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.palm,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.palm.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.papaya,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.papaya.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.pine,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.pine.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.plum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.plum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.poplar,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.poplar.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.sequoia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.sequoia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.teak,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.teak.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.walnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.walnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.wenge,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.wenge.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.willow,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.willow.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.acacia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.acacia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.balsa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.balsa.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.baobab,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.baobab.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.cherry,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.cherry.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.chestnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.chestnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.citrus,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.citrus.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.ebony,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.ebony.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.greenheart,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.greenheart.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.kapok,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.kapok.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.larch,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.larch.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.lime,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.lime.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.mahoe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.mahoe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.mahogany,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.mahogany.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.maple,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.maple.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.palm,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.palm.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.papaya,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.papaya.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.pine,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.pine.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.plum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.plum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.poplar,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.poplar.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.sequoia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.sequoia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.teak,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.teak.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.walnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.walnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.wenge,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.wenge.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.willow,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.willow.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.0.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.1.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.2.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.3.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.4.png
texture:id=minecraft/brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/brick.png



# %tile.for.core:* (tile.for.core), render=forestry.core.render.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.for.core,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/analyzer.0
block:id=%tile.for.core,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/escritoire.0
block:id=%tile.for.core,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/analyzer.0

# %tile.soil:* (tile.soil), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockSoil
block:id=%tile.soil,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus
block:id=%tile.soil,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/bog
block:id=%tile.soil,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus
block:id=%tile.soil,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/bog
block:id=%tile.soil,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus
block:id=%tile.soil,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/bog
block:id=%tile.soil,data=10,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus
block:id=%tile.soil,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/peat
block:id=%tile.soil,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus

# %tile.resources:* (tile.resources), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockResource
block:id=%tile.resources,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/ores/apatite
block:id=%tile.resources,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/ores/copper
block:id=%tile.resources,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/ores/tin

# %tile.stained:* (tile.stained), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockStainedGlass
block:id=%tile.stained,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/15
block:id=%tile.stained,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/14
block:id=%tile.stained,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/13
block:id=%tile.stained,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/12
block:id=%tile.stained,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/11
block:id=%tile.stained,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/10
block:id=%tile.stained,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/9
block:id=%tile.stained,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/8
block:id=%tile.stained,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/7
block:id=%tile.stained,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/6
block:id=%tile.stained,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/5
block:id=%tile.stained,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/4
block:id=%tile.stained,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/3
block:id=%tile.stained,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/2
block:id=%tile.stained,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/1
block:id=%tile.stained,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:forestry/stained/0

# %tile.for.apiculture:* (tile.for.apiculture), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.for.apiculture,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/apiary.0,face1=0:forestry/apiary.1,face2-3=0:forestry/apiary.2,face4-5=0:forestry/apiary.4
block:id=%tile.for.apiculture,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/apiaristchest.0,face1=0:forestry/apiaristchest.1,face2=0:forestry/apiaristchest.2,face3=0:forestry/apiaristchest.3,face4-5=0:forestry/apiaristchest.4
block:id=%tile.for.apiculture,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/beehouse.0,face1=0:forestry/beehouse.1,face2-3=0:forestry/beehouse.2,face4-5=0:forestry/beehouse.4
block:id=%tile.for.apiculture,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/apiary.0,face1=0:forestry/apiary.1,face2-3=0:forestry/apiary.2,face4-5=0:forestry/apiary.4

# %tile.beehives:* (tile.beehives), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.apiculture.gadgets.BlockBeehives
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.1.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.1.side
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.2.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.2.side
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.3.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.3.side
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.4.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.4.side
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.5.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.5.side
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.6.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.6.side
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.7.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.7.side
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.8.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.8.side
block:id=%tile.beehives,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.1.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.1.side

# %tile.candle:* (tile.candle), render=forestry.apiculture.render.BlockCandleRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.apiculture.gadgets.BlockCandle
block:id=%tile.candle,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/stump

# %tile.stump:* (tile.stump), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=forestry.apiculture.gadgets.BlockStump
block:id=%tile.stump,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=EE0000,patch0=17000:forestry/stump

# %tile.alveary:* (tile.alveary), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.apiculture.gadgets.BlockAlveary
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.plain
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.entrance
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.swarmer.off
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.fan.off
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.heater.off
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.valve
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.stabiliser
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.sieve
block:id=%tile.alveary,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.plain

# %tile.for.log1:* (tile.for.log1), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockLog
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.teak,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.teak
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.acacia,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.acacia
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.lime,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.lime
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=4,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=5,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.teak,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.teak,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.teak
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=6,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.acacia,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.acacia,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.acacia
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=7,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.lime,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.lime,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.lime
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=8,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=9,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.teak,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.teak,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.teak
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=10,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.acacia,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.acacia,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.acacia
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=11,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.lime,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.lime,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.lime
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.teak,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.teak
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.acacia,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.acacia
block:id=%tile.for.log1,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.lime,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.lime

# %tile.for.log2:* (tile.for.log2), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockLog
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.chestnut,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.chestnut
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.wenge,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.wenge
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.baobab,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.baobab
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.sequoia,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.sequoia
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=4,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.chestnut,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.chestnut,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.chestnut
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=5,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.wenge,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.wenge,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.wenge
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=6,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.baobab,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.baobab,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.baobab
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=7,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.sequoia,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.sequoia,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.sequoia
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=8,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.chestnut,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.chestnut,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.chestnut
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=9,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.wenge,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.wenge,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.wenge
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=10,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.baobab,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.baobab,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.baobab
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=11,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.sequoia,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.sequoia,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.sequoia
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.chestnut,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.chestnut
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.wenge,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.wenge
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.baobab,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.baobab
block:id=%tile.for.log2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.sequoia,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.sequoia

# %tile.for.log3:* (tile.for.log3), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockLog
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.kapok,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.kapok
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.ebony,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.ebony
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahogany,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.mahogany
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.balsa,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.balsa
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=4,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.kapok,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.kapok,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.kapok
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=5,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.ebony,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.ebony,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.ebony
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=6,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.mahogany,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.mahogany,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahogany
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=7,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.balsa,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.balsa,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.balsa
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=8,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.kapok,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.kapok,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.kapok
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=9,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.ebony,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.ebony,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.ebony
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=10,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.mahogany,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahogany,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.mahogany
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=11,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.balsa,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.balsa,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.balsa
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.kapok,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.kapok
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.ebony,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.ebony
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahogany,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.mahogany
block:id=%tile.for.log3,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.balsa,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.balsa

# %tile.for.log4:* (tile.for.log4), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockLog
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.willow,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.willow
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.walnut,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.walnut
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.greenheart,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.greenheart
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.cherry,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.cherry
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=4,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.willow,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.willow,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.willow
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=5,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.walnut,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.walnut,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.walnut
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=6,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.greenheart,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.greenheart,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.greenheart
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=7,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.cherry,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.cherry,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.cherry
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=8,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.willow,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.willow,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.willow
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=9,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.walnut,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.walnut,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.walnut
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=10,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.greenheart,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.greenheart,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.greenheart
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=11,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.cherry,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.cherry,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.cherry
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.willow,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.willow
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.walnut,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.walnut
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.greenheart,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.greenheart
block:id=%tile.for.log4,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.cherry,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.cherry

# %tile.for.log5:* (tile.for.log5), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockLog
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahoe,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.mahoe
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.poplar,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.poplar
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.palm,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.palm
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.papaya,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.papaya
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=4,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.mahoe,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.mahoe,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahoe
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=5,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.poplar,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.poplar,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.poplar
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=6,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.palm,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.palm,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.palm
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=7,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.papaya,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.papaya,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.papaya
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=8,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.mahoe,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahoe,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.mahoe
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=9,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.poplar,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.poplar,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.poplar
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=10,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.palm,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.palm,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.palm
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=11,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.papaya,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.papaya,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.papaya
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahoe,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.mahoe
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.poplar,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.poplar
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.palm,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.palm
block:id=%tile.for.log5,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.papaya,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.papaya

# %tile.for.log6:* (tile.for.log6), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockLog
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.pine,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.pine
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.plum,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.plum
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.maple,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.maple
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.citrus,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.citrus
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=4,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.pine,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.pine,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.pine
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=5,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.plum,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.plum,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.plum
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=6,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.maple,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.maple,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.maple
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=7,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.citrus,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.citrus,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.citrus
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=8,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.pine,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.pine,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.pine
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=9,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.plum,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.plum,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.plum
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=10,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.maple,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.maple,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.maple
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=11,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.citrus,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.citrus,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.citrus
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.pine,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.pine
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.plum,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.plum
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.maple,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.maple
block:id=%tile.for.log6,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.citrus,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.citrus

# %tile.for.log7:* (tile.for.log7), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockLog
block:id=%tile.for.log7,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.giganteum,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.giganteum
block:id=%tile.for.log7,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch
block:id=%tile.for.log7,data=4,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.giganteum,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.giganteum,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.giganteum
block:id=%tile.for.log7,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch
block:id=%tile.for.log7,data=8,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.giganteum,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.giganteum,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.giganteum
block:id=%tile.for.log7,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch
block:id=%tile.for.log7,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.giganteum,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.giganteum
block:id=%tile.for.log7,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch

# %tile.for.planks:* (tile.for.planks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockPlanks
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.teak
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.acacia
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.lime
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.chestnut
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.wenge
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.baobab
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.sequoia
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.kapok
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.ebony
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahogany
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.balsa
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.willow
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.walnut
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.greenheart
block:id=%tile.for.planks,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.cherry

# %tile.for.planks2:* (tile.for.planks2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockPlanks
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahoe
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.poplar
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.palm
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.papaya
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.pine
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.plum
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.maple
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.citrus
block:id=%tile.for.planks2,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch

# %tile.for.slabs1:* (tile.for.slabs1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockSlab
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.teak
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.acacia
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.lime
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.chestnut
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.wenge
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.baobab
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.sequoia
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.teak
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.acacia
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.lime
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.chestnut
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.wenge
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.baobab
block:id=%tile.for.slabs1,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.sequoia

# %tile.for.slabs2:* (tile.for.slabs2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockSlab
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.kapok
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.ebony
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahogany
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.balsa
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.willow
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.walnut
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.greenheart
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.cherry
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.kapok
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.ebony
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahogany
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.balsa
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.willow
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.walnut
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.greenheart
block:id=%tile.for.slabs2,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.cherry

# %tile.for.slabs3:* (tile.for.slabs3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockSlab
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahoe
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.poplar
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.palm
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.papaya
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.pine
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.plum
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.maple
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.citrus
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahoe
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.poplar
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.palm
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.papaya
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.pine
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.plum
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.maple
block:id=%tile.for.slabs3,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.citrus

# %tile.for.fences:* (tile.for.fences), render=forestry.arboriculture.render.FenceRenderingHandler(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockArbFence
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.teak
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.acacia
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.lime
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.chestnut
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.wenge
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.baobab
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.sequoia
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.kapok
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.ebony
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahogany
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.balsa
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.willow
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.walnut
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.greenheart
block:id=%tile.for.fences,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.cherry

# %tile.for.fences2:* (tile.for.fences2), render=forestry.arboriculture.render.FenceRenderingHandler(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockArbFence
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahoe
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.poplar
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.palm
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.papaya
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.pine
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.plum
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.maple
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.citrus
block:id=%tile.for.fences2,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch

# %tile.for.stairs:* (tile.for.stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockArbStairs
block:id=%tile.for.stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch

# %tile.saplingGE:* (tile.saplingGE), render=forestry.arboriculture.render.SaplingRenderHandler(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockSapling
block:id=%tile.saplingGE,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBalsa

# %tile.leaves:* (tile.leaves), render=forestry.arboriculture.render.LeavesRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockLeaves
block:id=%tile.leaves,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy

# %tile.for.pods:* (tile.for.pods), render=forestry.arboriculture.render.FruitPodRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.gadgets.BlockFruitPod
block:id=%tile.for.pods,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/pods/papaya.2

# %tile.for.arboriculture:* (tile.for.arboriculture), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.for.arboriculture,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/arbchest.0,face1=0:forestry/arbchest.1,face2=0:forestry/arbchest.2,face3=0:forestry/arbchest.3,face4-5=0:forestry/arbchest.4

# %tile.for.engine:* (tile.for.engine), render=forestry.core.render.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.for.engine,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/enginetin.0
block:id=%tile.for.engine,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/enginecopper.0
block:id=%tile.for.engine,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/enginebronze.0
block:id=%tile.for.engine,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/generator.0
block:id=%tile.for.engine,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/engineclockwork.0
block:id=%tile.for.engine,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/enginetin.0

# %tile.for.factory:* (tile.for.factory), render=forestry.core.render.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/bottler.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/carpenter.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/centrifuge.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/fermenter.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/moistener.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/squeezer.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/still.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/rainmaker.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/bottler.0

# %tile.for.factory2:* (tile.for.factory2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.for.factory2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/fabricator.0,face1=0:forestry/fabricator.1,face2=0:forestry/fabricator.2,face3=0:forestry/fabricator.3,face4-5=0:forestry/fabricator.4
block:id=%tile.for.factory2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/raintank.0,face1=0:forestry/raintank.1,face2-5=0:forestry/raintank.0
block:id=%tile.for.factory2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/worktable.0,face1=0:forestry/worktable.1,face2=0:forestry/worktable.2,face3=0:forestry/worktable.3,face4-5=0:forestry/worktable.4
block:id=%tile.for.factory2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/fabricator.0,face1=0:forestry/fabricator.1,face2=0:forestry/fabricator.2,face3=0:forestry/fabricator.3,face4-5=0:forestry/fabricator.4

# %tile.ffarm:* (tile.ffarm), render=forestry.farming.render.FarmRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=forestry.farming.gadgets.BlockFarm
block:id=%tile.ffarm,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/brick

# %tile.for.lepidopterology:* (tile.for.lepidopterology), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.for.lepidopterology,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/lepichest.0,face1=0:forestry/lepichest.1,face2=0:forestry/lepichest.2,face3=0:forestry/lepichest.3,face4-5=0:forestry/lepichest.4

# %tile.for.mail:* (tile.for.mail), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.gadgets.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.for.mail,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/mailbox.0,face1=0:forestry/mailbox.1,face2-5=0:forestry/mailbox.2
block:id=%tile.for.mail,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/tradestation.0,face1=0:forestry/tradestation.1,face2=0:forestry/tradestation.2,face3=0:forestry/tradestation.3,face4-5=0:forestry/tradestation.4
block:id=%tile.for.mail,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/philatelist.0,face1=0:forestry/philatelist.1,face2=0:forestry/philatelist.2,face3=0:forestry/philatelist.3,face4-5=0:forestry/philatelist.2
block:id=%tile.for.mail,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/mailbox.0,face1=0:forestry/mailbox.1,face2-5=0:forestry/mailbox.2
