# Steamcraft 0.25.2
version:1.7
modname:Steamcraft


cfgfile:config/Steamcraft.cfg


texturepath:assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_1161_steamcraft/dummy,filename=assets/missing_icon_block_1161_steamcraft/textures/blocks/dummy.png
texture:id=minecraft/furnace_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/furnace_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/furnace_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/furnace_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=steamcraft/blankTexture,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/blankTexture.png
texture:id=steamcraft/blockBrass,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBrass.png
texture:id=steamcraft/blockBrassHorn,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBrassHorn.png
texture:id=steamcraft/blockBrass_pipe,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBrass_pipe.png
texture:id=steamcraft/blockCharger,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCharger.png
texture:id=steamcraft/blockCopper,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCopper.png
texture:id=steamcraft/blockZinc,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/blockZinc.png
texture:id=steamcraft/boiler,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.png
texture:id=steamcraft/brassTank,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/brassTank.png
texture:id=steamcraft/carving_side,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/carving_side.png
texture:id=steamcraft/carving_top,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/carving_top.png
texture:id=steamcraft/creativeTank,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/creativeTank.png
texture:id=steamcraft/discBack,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/discBack.png
texture:id=steamcraft/discFromt,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/discFromt.png
texture:id=steamcraft/discFromtRuptured,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/discFromtRuptured.png
texture:id=steamcraft/discTop,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/discTop.png
texture:id=steamcraft/discTop2,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/discTop2.png
texture:id=steamcraft/engineering_top,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/engineering_top.png
texture:id=steamcraft/flashBoiler,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/flashBoiler.png
texture:id=steamcraft/gaugeBack,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/gaugeBack.png
texture:id=steamcraft/gaugeFront,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/gaugeFront.png
texture:id=steamcraft/gaugeTop,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/gaugeTop.png
texture:id=steamcraft/heaterOn,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/heaterOn.png
texture:id=steamcraft/oreCopper,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/oreCopper.png
texture:id=steamcraft/oreZinc,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/oreZinc.png
texture:id=steamcraft/poorOreZinc,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/poorOreZinc.png
texture:id=steamcraft/steam,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/steam.png
texture:id=steamcraft/yellow,filename=assets/steamcraft/textures/blocks/yellow.png



# %steamcraftOre:* (steamcraftOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockSteamcraftOre
block:id=%steamcraftOre,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/oreCopper
block:id=%steamcraftOre,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/oreZinc
block:id=%steamcraftOre,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/poorOreZinc
block:id=%steamcraftOre,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/oreCopper

# %blockBrass:* (blockBrass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockBeacon
block:id=%blockBrass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass

# %blockZinc:* (blockZinc), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockBeacon
block:id=%blockZinc,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockZinc

# %blockCopper:* (blockCopper), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockBeacon
block:id=%blockCopper,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockCopper

# %crucible:* (crucible), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockSteamcraftCrucible
block:id=%crucible,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %mold:* (mold), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockMold
block:id=%mold,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %carving:* (carving), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockCarvingTable
block:id=%carving,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/planks_oak,face1=0:steamcraft/carving_top,face2-5=0:steamcraft/carving_side

# %boiler:* (boiler), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockBoilerRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockBoiler
block:id=%boiler,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face3=0:steamcraft/boiler,face4-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boiler,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boiler,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face2=0:steamcraft/boiler,face3-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boiler,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face3=0:steamcraft/boiler,face4-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boiler,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face4=0:steamcraft/boiler,face5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boiler,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face5=0:steamcraft/boiler
block:id=%boiler,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass

# %boilerOn:* (boilerOn), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockBoilerRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockBoiler
block:id=%boilerOn,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face3=0:steamcraft/boiler,face4-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boilerOn,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boilerOn,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face2=0:steamcraft/boiler,face3-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boilerOn,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face3=0:steamcraft/boiler,face4-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boilerOn,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face4=0:steamcraft/boiler,face5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%boilerOn,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face5=0:steamcraft/boiler
block:id=%boilerOn,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass

# %flashBoiler:* (flashBoiler), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockFlashBoiler
block:id=%flashBoiler,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/flashBoiler

# %pipe:* (pipe), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockSteamPipeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockPipe
block:id=%pipe,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass

# %valvePipe:* (valvePipe), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockSteamPipeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockValvePipe
block:id=%valvePipe,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass

# %steamTank:* (steamTank), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockSteamTank
block:id=%steamTank,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/brassTank
block:id=%steamTank,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/creativeTank
block:id=%steamTank,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/brassTank

# %meter:* (meter), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockSteamGaugeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockSteamGauge
block:id=%meter,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:steamcraft/gaugeFront,face1=0:steamcraft/gaugeBack,face2-5=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop
block:id=%meter,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:steamcraft/gaugeBack,face1=0:steamcraft/gaugeFront,face2-5=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop
block:id=%meter,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop,face2=0:steamcraft/gaugeFront,face3=0:steamcraft/gaugeBack,face4-5=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop
block:id=%meter,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop,face2=0:steamcraft/gaugeBack,face3=0:steamcraft/gaugeFront,face4-5=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop
block:id=%meter,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop,face4=0:steamcraft/gaugeFront,face5=0:steamcraft/gaugeBack
block:id=%meter,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop,face4=0:steamcraft/gaugeBack,face5=0:steamcraft/gaugeFront
block:id=%meter,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/gaugeTop

# %ruptureDisc:* (ruptureDisc), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockRuptureDiscRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockRuptureDisc
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:steamcraft/discFromt,face1=0:steamcraft/discBack,face2-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:steamcraft/discBack,face1=0:steamcraft/discFromt,face2-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/discTop2,face2=0:steamcraft/discFromt,face3=0:steamcraft/discBack,face4-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/discTop2,face2=0:steamcraft/discBack,face3=0:steamcraft/discFromt,face4-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:steamcraft/discTop,face4=0:steamcraft/discFromt,face5=0:steamcraft/discBack
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:steamcraft/discTop,face4=0:steamcraft/discBack,face5=0:steamcraft/discFromt
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:steamcraft/discFromtRuptured,face1=0:steamcraft/discBack,face2-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:steamcraft/discBack,face1=0:steamcraft/discFromtRuptured,face2-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/discTop2,face2=0:steamcraft/discFromtRuptured,face3=0:steamcraft/discBack,face4-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/discTop2,face2=0:steamcraft/discBack,face3=0:steamcraft/discFromtRuptured,face4-5=0:steamcraft/discTop2
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:steamcraft/discTop,face4=0:steamcraft/discFromtRuptured,face5=0:steamcraft/discBack
block:id=%ruptureDisc,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:steamcraft/discTop,face4=0:steamcraft/discBack,face5=0:steamcraft/discFromtRuptured

# %horn:* (horn), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockWhistleRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockWhistle
block:id=%horn,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:steamcraft/yellow,face2-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrassHorn
block:id=%horn,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/yellow,face2-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrassHorn

# %fluidSteamConverter:* (fluidSteamConverter), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockFluidSteamConverter
block:id=%fluidSteamConverter,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:steamcraft/steam,face1=0:steamcraft/blockBrass_pipe,face2-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%fluidSteamConverter,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:steamcraft/blockBrass_pipe,face1=0:steamcraft/steam,face2-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%fluidSteamConverter,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face2=0:steamcraft/steam,face3=0:steamcraft/blockBrass_pipe,face4-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%fluidSteamConverter,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face2=0:steamcraft/blockBrass_pipe,face3=0:steamcraft/steam,face4-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%fluidSteamConverter,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face4=0:steamcraft/steam,face5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass_pipe
block:id=%fluidSteamConverter,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face4=0:steamcraft/blockBrass_pipe,face5=0:steamcraft/steam
block:id=%fluidSteamConverter,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass

# %pump:* (pump), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockPump
block:id=%pump,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %smasher:* (smasher), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockSmasher
block:id=%smasher,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %dummy:* (dummy), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockDummy
block:id=%dummy,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_1161_steamcraft/dummy

# %heater:* (heater), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockSteamHeaterRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockSteamHeater
block:id=%heater,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:steamcraft/heaterOn,face1-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%heater,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face1=0:steamcraft/heaterOn,face2-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%heater,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face2=0:steamcraft/heaterOn,face3-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%heater,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face3=0:steamcraft/heaterOn,face4-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%heater,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face4=0:steamcraft/heaterOn,face5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass
block:id=%heater,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face5=0:steamcraft/heaterOn
block:id=%heater,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blockBrass

# %charger:* (charger), render=flaxbeard.steamcraft.client.render.BlockSteamChargerRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockSteamCharger
block:id=%charger,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:steamcraft/blockBrass,face2-5=0:steamcraft/blockCharger

# %hammer:* (hammer), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockSteamHammer
block:id=%hammer,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %itemMortar:* (itemMortar), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockItemMortar
block:id=%itemMortar,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %thumper:* (thumper), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockThumper
block:id=%thumper,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %thumperDummy:* (thumperDummy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockThumperDummy
block:id=%thumperDummy,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %fan:* (fan), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockFan
block:id=%fan,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture
block:id=%fan,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %vacuum:* (vacuum), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockVacuum
block:id=%vacuum,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:steamcraft/blankTexture

# %engineering:* (engineering), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=flaxbeard.steamcraft.block.BlockEngineeringTable
block:id=%engineering,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/furnace_top,face1=0:steamcraft/engineering_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/furnace_side
