# BiblioWoodsForestry 1.4
version:1.7
modname:BiblioWoodsForestry



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/bibliowoodsforestry/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/planks_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_spruce.png



# %BiblioWoodFstBookcase:* (BiblioWoodFstBookcase), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomBookcase
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstBookcase,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstBookcase2:* (BiblioWoodFstBookcase2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomBookcase2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstBookcase2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstpotshelf:* (BiblioWoodFstpotshelf), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomPotionShelf
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstpotshelf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstshelf:* (BiblioWoodFstshelf), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomShelf
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstshelf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstrack:* (BiblioWoodFstrack), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomToolrack
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstrack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstcase0:* (BiblioWoodFstcase0), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomCase0
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstcase0,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstcase1:* (BiblioWoodFstcase1), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomCase1
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstcase1,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstlabel:* (BiblioWoodFstlabel), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomLabel
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstlabel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstdesk:* (BiblioWoodFstdesk), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomDesk
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstdesk,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFsttable:* (BiblioWoodFsttable), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomTable
block:id=%BiblioWoodFsttable,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2:* (BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomPotionShelf2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstshelf2:* (BiblioWoodFstshelf2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomShelf2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstshelf2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstrack2:* (BiblioWoodFstrack2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomToolrack2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstrack2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstlabel2:* (BiblioWoodFstlabel2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomLabel2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstlabel2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFstdesk2:* (BiblioWoodFstdesk2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomDesk2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFstdesk2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFsttable2:* (BiblioWoodFsttable2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomTable2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFsttable2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodSeat:* (BiblioWoodSeat), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomSeat
block:id=%BiblioWoodSeat,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodMapFrame:* (BiblioWoodMapFrame), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomMapFrame
block:id=%BiblioWoodMapFrame,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodSeat2:* (BiblioWoodSeat2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomSeat2
block:id=%BiblioWoodSeat2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodMapFrame2:* (BiblioWoodMapFrame2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomMapFrame2
block:id=%BiblioWoodMapFrame2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFancySign:* (BiblioWoodFancySign), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomFancySign
block:id=%BiblioWoodFancySign,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench:* (BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomFancyWorkbench
block:id=%BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFancySign2:* (BiblioWoodFancySign2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomFancySign2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFancySign2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2:* (BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliowood.forestrywood.blocks.BlockCustomFancyWorkbench2
block:id=%BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce
