# BuildCraft_Core 
version:1.7
modname:BuildCraft|Core

var:biomes/biomeOilOcean=0,biomes/biomeOilDesert=0

cfgfile:config/buildcraft/main.conf


texturepath:assets/buildcraft_core/textures/blocks/
texture:id=buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/advworkbenchtable_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/advworkbenchtable_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/advworkbenchtable_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/architect_front,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/architect_front.png
texture:id=buildcraft/architect_sides,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/architect_sides.png
texture:id=buildcraft/architect_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/architect_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/assemblytable_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/assemblytable_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/assemblytable_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/assemblytable_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/assemblytable_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/assemblytable_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/autoWorkbench_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/autoWorkbench_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/autoWorkbench_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/autoWorkbench_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockFillerSides,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockFillerSides.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockFillerTopOn,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockFillerTopOn.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockFrame,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockFrame.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockMarker,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockMarker.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockPathMarker,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockPathMarker.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockPlainPipe,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockPlainPipe.png
texture:id=buildcraft/builder_front,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/builder_front.png
texture:id=buildcraft/builder_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/builder_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/builder_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/builder_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineWoodBottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineWoodBottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineWoodSide,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineWoodSide.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineWoodTop,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineWoodTop.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineStoneBottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineStoneBottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineStoneSide,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineStoneSide.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineStoneTop,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineStoneTop.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineIronBottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineIronBottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineIronSide,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineIronSide.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineIronTop,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineIronTop.png
texture:id=buildcraft/filteredBuffer_all,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/filteredBuffer_all.png
texture:id=buildcraft/floodgate_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/floodgate_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/floodgate_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/floodgate_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/floodgate_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/floodgate_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/fuel_flow,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/fuel_flow.png
texture:id=buildcraft/fuel_still,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/fuel_still.png
texture:id=buildcraft/hopperBottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/hopperBottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/integrationtable_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/integrationtable_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/integrationtable_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/integrationtable_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/integrationtable_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/integrationtable_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/library_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/library_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/library_topbottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/library_topbottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/miningwell_back,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/miningwell_back.png
texture:id=buildcraft/miningwell_front,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/miningwell_front.png
texture:id=buildcraft/miningwell_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/miningwell_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/miningwell_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/miningwell_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/oil_flow,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/oil_flow.png
texture:id=buildcraft/oil_still,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/oil_still.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsCobblestone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsCobblestone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsEmerald_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsEmerald_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsGold,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsGold.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsIron_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsIron_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsSandstone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsSandstone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsStone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsStone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsVoid,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsVoid.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsWood_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsWood_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsCobblestone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsCobblestone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsDaizuli_black,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsDaizuli_black.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsDiamond_item,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsDiamond_item.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsEmerald_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsEmerald_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsEmzuli_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsEmzuli_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsGold,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsGold.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsIron_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsIron_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsLapis_black,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsLapis_black.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsObsidian,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsObsidian.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsQuartz,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsQuartz.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsSandstone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsSandstone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsStone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsStone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsVoid,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsVoid.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsWood_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsWood_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerCobblestone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerCobblestone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerDiamond,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerDiamond.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerGold,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerGold.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerIronM128,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerIronM128.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerQuartz,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerQuartz.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerStone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerStone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerWood_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerWood_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeStripes,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeStripes.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeStructureCobblestone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeStructureCobblestone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pump_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pump_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pump_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pump_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pump_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pump_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/quarry_front,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/quarry_front.png
texture:id=buildcraft/quarry_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/quarry_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/quarry_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/quarry_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/refineryBack,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/refineryBack.png
texture:id=buildcraft/tank_bottom_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/tank_bottom_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/tank_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/tank_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/trunk_green,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/trunk_green.png
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png

# biomes/biomeOilOcean
biome:id=biomes/biomeOilOcean,grassColorMult=18EB971,foliageColorMult=171A74D,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biomes/biomeOilDesert
biome:id=biomes/biomeOilDesert,grassColorMult=1BFB755,foliageColorMult=1AEA42A,waterColorMult=FFFFFF


# %eternalSpring:* (eternalSpring), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.core.BlockSpring
block:id=%eternalSpring,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/bedrock

# %markerBlock:* (markerBlock), render=buildcraft.core.render.RenderingMarkers(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockMarker
block:id=%markerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:buildcraft/blockMarker

# %pathMarkerBlock:* (pathMarkerBlock), render=buildcraft.core.render.RenderingMarkers(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockPathMarker
block:id=%pathMarkerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:buildcraft/blockPathMarker

# %fillerBlock:* (fillerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockFiller
block:id=%fillerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:buildcraft/blockFillerTopOn,face2-5=0:buildcraft/blockFillerSides

# %builderBlock:* (builderBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockBuilder
block:id=%builderBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face3=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=%builderBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face2-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=%builderBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face3-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=%builderBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face3=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=%builderBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face4=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=%builderBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2-4=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face5=0:buildcraft/builder_front
block:id=%builderBlock,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side

# %architectBlock:* (architectBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockArchitect
block:id=%architectBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face3=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=%architectBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=%architectBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face3-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=%architectBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face3=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=%architectBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face4=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=%architectBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2-4=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face5=0:buildcraft/architect_front
block:id=%architectBlock,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides

# %libraryBlock:* (libraryBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockBlueprintLibrary
block:id=%libraryBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:buildcraft/library_topbottom,face2-5=0:buildcraft/library_side

# %engineBlock:* (engineBlock), render=buildcraft.core.render.RenderingEntityBlocks(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.energy.BlockEngine
block:id=%engineBlock,data=0,patch0=0:buildcraft/engineWoodBottom,patch1=0:buildcraft/engineWoodTop,patch2-9=0:buildcraft/engineWoodSide,patch10-14=0:buildcraft/trunk_green,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=%engineBlock,data=1,patch0=0:buildcraft/engineStoneBottom,patch1=0:buildcraft/engineStoneTop,patch2-9=0:buildcraft/engineStoneSide,patch10-14=0:buildcraft/trunk_green,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=%engineBlock,data=2,patch0=0:buildcraft/engineIronBottom,patch1=0:buildcraft/engineIronTop,patch2-9=0:buildcraft/engineIronSide,patch10-14=0:buildcraft/trunk_green,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# %blockOil:* (blockOil), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.energy.BlockBuildcraftFluid
block:id=%blockOil,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:buildcraft/oil_still,face2-5=12000:buildcraft/oil_flow

# %blockFuel:* (blockFuel), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.energy.BlockBuildcraftFluid
block:id=%blockFuel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:buildcraft/fuel_still,face2-5=12000:buildcraft/fuel_flow

# %miningWellBlock:* (miningWellBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockMiningWell
block:id=%miningWellBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side,face3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side
block:id=%miningWellBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side
block:id=%miningWellBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front,face3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face4-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side
block:id=%miningWellBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side
block:id=%miningWellBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side,face4=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front,face5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back
block:id=%miningWellBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side,face4=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front
block:id=%miningWellBlock,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side

# %plainPipeBlock:* (plainPipeBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockPlainPipe
block:id=%plainPipeBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/blockPlainPipe

# %autoWorkbenchBlock:* (autoWorkbenchBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockAutoWorkbench
block:id=%autoWorkbenchBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:buildcraft/autoWorkbench_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/autoWorkbench_side

# %frameBlock:* (frameBlock), render=buildcraft.core.render.RenderingEntityBlocks(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockFrame
block:id=%frameBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/blockFrame

# %machineBlock:* (machineBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockQuarry
block:id=%machineBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face3=0:buildcraft/quarry_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=%machineBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=%machineBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2=0:buildcraft/quarry_front,face3-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=%machineBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face3=0:buildcraft/quarry_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=%machineBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face4=0:buildcraft/quarry_front,face5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=%machineBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2-4=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face5=0:buildcraft/quarry_front
block:id=%machineBlock,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side

# %tankBlock:* (tankBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockTank
block:id=%tankBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:buildcraft/tank_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/tank_bottom_side

# %pumpBlock:* (pumpBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockPump
block:id=%pumpBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/pump_bottom,face1=0:buildcraft/pump_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/pump_side

# %floodGateBlock:* (floodGateBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockFloodGate
block:id=%floodGateBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/floodgate_bottom,face1=0:buildcraft/floodgate_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/floodgate_side

# %refineryBlock:* (refineryBlock), render=buildcraft.core.render.RenderingEntityBlocks(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockRefinery
block:id=%refineryBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/refineryBack

# %blockHopper:* (blockHopper), render=buildcraft.core.render.RenderingEntityBlocks(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockHopper
block:id=%blockHopper,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:buildcraft/hopperBottom

# %filteredBufferBlock:* (filteredBufferBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.transport.BlockFilteredBuffer
block:id=%filteredBufferBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:buildcraft/filteredBuffer_all

# %pipeBlock:* (pipeBlock), render=buildcraft.transport.render.PipeRendererWorld(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.transport.BlockGenericPipe
block:id=%pipeBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:buildcraft/pipeStripes,transparency=TRANSPARENT
texturemap:mapid=PIPES,id=%pipeBlock,data=*,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# BuildCraft pipes
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsWood_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsEmerald_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsCobblestone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsStone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsQuartz
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsIron_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsGold
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsDiamond_item
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsObsidian
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsLapis_black
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsDaizuli_black
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsSandstone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsVoid
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsEmzuli_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsWood_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsCobblestone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsStone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsIron_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsGold
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsEmerald_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsSandstone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsVoid
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood=0:buildcraft/pipePowerWood_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone=0:buildcraft/pipePowerCobblestone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone=0:buildcraft/pipePowerStone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz=0:buildcraft/pipePowerQuartz
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron=0:buildcraft/pipePowerIronM128
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold=0:buildcraft/pipePowerGold
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond=0:buildcraft/pipePowerDiamond
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:&item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone=0:buildcraft/pipeStructureCobblestone

