# appliedenergistics2 rv1-alpha-44
version:1.7
modname:appliedenergistics2



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbench,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCellWorkbench.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbenchBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCellWorkbenchBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbenchSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCellWorkbenchSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCharger,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCharger.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChargerSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChargerSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChest,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChest.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChestBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChestBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChestFront,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChestFront.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChestSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChestSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCondenser,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCondenser.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockController,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockController.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingMonitor.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitorFit_Light,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingMonitorFit_Light.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage16k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage16kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage4k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage4kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage64k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage64kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorageFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorageFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingUnit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnitFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingUnitFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCrank,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCrank.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCreativeEnergyCell,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCreativeEnergyCell.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell0,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell0.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell1,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell1.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell2,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell2.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell3,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell3.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell4,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell4.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell5,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell5.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell6,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell6.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell7,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell7.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDrive,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDrive.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDriveBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveFront,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDriveFront.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDriveSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyAcceptor,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyAcceptor.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell0,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell0.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell1,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell1.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell2,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell2.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell3,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell3.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell4,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell4.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell5,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell5.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell6,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell6.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell7,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell7.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockFluix,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockFluix.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinder,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockGrinder.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinderBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockGrinderBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinderFront,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockGrinderFront.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinderSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockGrinderSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPort,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockIOPort.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPortBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockIOPortBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPortSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockIOPortSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockInscriber,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockInscriber.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockInterface,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockInterface.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockLightDetector,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockLightDetector.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockMolecularAssembler,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockMolecularAssembler.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockPaint,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockPaint.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuantumLinkChamber,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuantumLinkChamber.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuantumRing,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuantumRing.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartz,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartz.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseled,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzChiseled.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseledSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzChiseledSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGlass,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzGlass.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGlassB,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzGlassB.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGrowthAcceleratorSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzGrowthAcceleratorSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzLamp,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzLamp.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillar,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzPillar.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillarSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzPillarSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzTorch,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzTorch.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSecurity,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSecurity.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSecurityBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSecurityBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSecuritySide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSecuritySide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSkyStone.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSkyStone.Block.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSkyStone.Brick.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPort,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSpatialIOPort.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPortBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSpatialIOPortBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPortSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSpatialIOPortSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialPylon,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSpatialPylon.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamber,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockVibrationChamber.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamberFront,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockVibrationChamberFront.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockWireless,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockWireless.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/OreQuartz,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/OreQuartz.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/OreQuartzCharged,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/OreQuartzCharged.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_top.png



# %tile.BlockCableBus:* (tile.BlockCableBus), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockCableBus
block:id=%tile.BlockCableBus,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGlassB

# %tile.BlockCraftingUnit:* (tile.BlockCraftingUnit), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnitFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit

# %tile.BlockCraftingMonitor:* (tile.BlockCraftingMonitor), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockCraftingMonitor
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnitFit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitorFit_Light,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnitFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit

# %tile.BlockCraftingStorage:* (tile.BlockCraftingStorage), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockCraftingStorage
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorageFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorageFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64kFit

# %tile.BlockMolecularAssembler:* (tile.BlockMolecularAssembler), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockMolecularAssembler
block:id=%tile.BlockMolecularAssembler,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:appliedenergistics2/BlockMolecularAssembler

# %tile.OreQuartz:* (tile.OreQuartz), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.OreQuartz
block:id=%tile.OreQuartz,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/OreQuartz

# %tile.OreQuartzCharged:* (tile.OreQuartzCharged), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.OreQuartzCharged
block:id=%tile.OreQuartzCharged,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/OreQuartzCharged

# %tile.BlockQuartz:* (tile.BlockQuartz), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartz
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartz,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartz

# %tile.BlockFluix:* (tile.BlockFluix), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockFluix
block:id=%tile.BlockFluix,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockFluix

# %tile.BlockSkyStone:* (tile.BlockSkyStone), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockSkyStone
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone

# %tile.BlockSkyChest:* (tile.BlockSkyChest), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.storage.BlockSkyChest
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone

# %tile.BlockSkyCompass:* (tile.BlockSkyCompass), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockSkyCompass
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyCompass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %tile.BlockQuartzGlass:* (tile.BlockQuartzGlass), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartzGlass
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGlass

# %tile.BlockQuartzLamp:* (tile.BlockQuartzLamp), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartzLamp
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzLamp,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzLamp

# %tile.BlockQuartzPillar:* (tile.BlockQuartzPillar), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartzPillar
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzPillar,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillar,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillarSide

# %tile.BlockQuartzChiseled:* (tile.BlockQuartzChiseled), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartzChiseled
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzChiseled,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseled,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseledSide

# %tile.BlockQuartzTorch:* (tile.BlockQuartzTorch), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockQuartzTorch
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzTorch,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzTorch

# %tile.BlockLightDetector:* (tile.BlockLightDetector), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockLightDetector
block:id=%tile.BlockLightDetector,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockLightDetector

# %tile.BlockCharger:* (tile.BlockCharger), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockCharger
block:id=%tile.BlockCharger,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCharger,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChargerSide

# %tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator:* (tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGrowthAcceleratorSide

# %tile.BlockGrinder:* (tile.BlockGrinder), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.grindstone.BlockGrinder
block:id=%tile.BlockGrinder,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinderBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinder,face2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinderSide,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinderFront,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockGrinderSide

# %tile.BlockCrank:* (tile.BlockCrank), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.grindstone.BlockCrank
block:id=%tile.BlockCrank,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCrank

# %tile.BlockInscriber:* (tile.BlockInscriber), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockInscriber
block:id=%tile.BlockInscriber,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockInscriber

# %tile.BlockWireless:* (tile.BlockWireless), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockWireless
block:id=%tile.BlockWireless,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockWireless

# %tile.BlockTinyTNT:* (tile.BlockTinyTNT), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockTinyTNT
block:id=%tile.BlockTinyTNT,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/tnt_bottom,face1=0:minecraft/tnt_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/tnt_side

# %tile.BlockQuantumRing:* (tile.BlockQuantumRing), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.qnb.BlockQuantumRing
block:id=%tile.BlockQuantumRing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuantumRing

# %tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber:* (tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.qnb.BlockQuantumLinkChamber
block:id=%tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuantumLinkChamber

# %tile.BlockSpatialPylon:* (tile.BlockSpatialPylon), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.spatial.BlockSpatialPylon
block:id=%tile.BlockSpatialPylon,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialPylon

# %tile.BlockSpatialIOPort:* (tile.BlockSpatialIOPort), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.spatial.BlockSpatialIOPort
block:id=%tile.BlockSpatialIOPort,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPortBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPort,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPortSide

# %tile.BlockController:* (tile.BlockController), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockController
block:id=%tile.BlockController,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockController

# %tile.BlockDrive:* (tile.BlockDrive), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.storage.BlockDrive
block:id=%tile.BlockDrive,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDrive,face2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveSide,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveFront,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveSide

# %tile.BlockChest:* (tile.BlockChest), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.storage.BlockChest
block:id=%tile.BlockChest,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChestBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChest,face2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChestSide,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChestFront,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChestSide

# %tile.BlockInterface:* (tile.BlockInterface), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockInterface
block:id=%tile.BlockInterface,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockInterface

# %tile.BlockCellWorkbench:* (tile.BlockCellWorkbench), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockCellWorkbench
block:id=%tile.BlockCellWorkbench,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbenchBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbench,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbenchSide

# %tile.BlockIOPort:* (tile.BlockIOPort), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.storage.BlockIOPort
block:id=%tile.BlockIOPort,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPortBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPort,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPortSide

# %tile.BlockCondenser:* (tile.BlockCondenser), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockCondenser
block:id=%tile.BlockCondenser,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCondenser

# %tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor:* (tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockEnergyAcceptor
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyAcceptor

# %tile.BlockVibrationChamber:* (tile.BlockVibrationChamber), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockVibrationChamber
block:id=%tile.BlockVibrationChamber,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamber,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamberFront,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamber

# %tile.BlockEnergyCell:* (tile.BlockEnergyCell), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockEnergyCell
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell0
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell1
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell2
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell3
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell4
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell5
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell6
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell7
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell

# %tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell:* (tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockDenseEnergyCell
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell0
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell1
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell2
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell3
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell4
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell5
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell6
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell7
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell

# %tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell:* (tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockCreativeEnergyCell
block:id=%tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCreativeEnergyCell

# %tile.BlockSecurity:* (tile.BlockSecurity), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockSecurity
block:id=%tile.BlockSecurity,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSecurityBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSecurity,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSecuritySide

# %tile.BlockPaint:* (tile.BlockPaint), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockPaint
block:id=%tile.BlockPaint,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockPaint
