# harvestcraft 1.7.2d
version:1.7
modname:harvestcraft


cfgfile:config/harvestcraft.cfg


texturepath:assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=harvestcraft/almondSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/almondSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/almond_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/almond_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/almond_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/almond_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/almond_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/almond_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apiaryside,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apiaryside.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apiarytop,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apiarytop.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/appleSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/appleSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apple_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apple_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apple_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apple_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apple_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apple_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apricotSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apricotSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apricot_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apricot_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apricot_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apricot_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/apricot_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/apricot_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/artichokecrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/artichokecrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/artichokecrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/artichokecrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/artichokecrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/artichokecrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/artichokecrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/artichokecrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/asparaguscrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/asparaguscrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/asparaguscrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/asparaguscrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/asparaguscrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/asparaguscrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/asparaguscrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/asparaguscrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/avocadoSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/avocadoSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/avocado_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/avocado_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/avocado_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/avocado_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/avocado_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/avocado_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bambooshootcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bambooshootcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bambooshootcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bambooshootcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bambooshootcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bambooshootcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bambooshootcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bambooshootcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bananaSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bananaSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/banana_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/banana_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/banana_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/banana_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/banana_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/banana_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/barleycrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/barleycrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/barleycrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/barleycrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/barleycrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/barleycrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/barleycrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/barleycrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beancrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beancrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beancrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beancrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beancrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beancrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beancrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beancrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beehivebottom,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beehivebottom.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beehiveside,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beehiveside.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beehivetop,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beehivetop.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beetcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beetcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beetcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beetcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beetcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beetcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/beetcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/beetcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bellpeppercrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bellpeppercrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bellpeppercrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bellpeppercrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bellpeppercrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bellpeppercrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/bellpeppercrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/bellpeppercrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/berrygarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/berrygarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/blackberrycrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/blackberrycrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/blackberrycrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/blackberrycrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/blackberrycrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/blackberrycrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/blackberrycrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/blackberrycrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/blueberrycrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/blueberrycrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/blueberrycrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/blueberrycrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/blueberrycrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/blueberrycrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/blueberrycrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/blueberrycrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/broccolicrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/broccolicrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/broccolicrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/broccolicrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/broccolicrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/broccolicrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/broccolicrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/broccolicrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/brusselsproutcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/brusselsproutcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/brusselsproutcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/brusselsproutcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/brusselsproutcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/brusselsproutcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/brusselsproutcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/brusselsproutcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cabbagecrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cabbagecrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cabbagecrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cabbagecrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cabbagecrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cabbagecrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cabbagecrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cabbagecrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cactusfruitcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cactusfruitcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cactusfruitcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cactusfruitcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cactusfruitcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cactusfruitcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cactusfruitcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cactusfruitcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_10,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_10.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_11,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_11.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_12,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_12.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_13,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_13.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_14,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_14.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_15,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_15.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_4,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_4.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_5,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_5.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_6,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_6.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_7,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_7.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_8,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_8.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candle_9,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candle_9.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candleberrycrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candleberrycrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candleberrycrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candleberrycrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candleberrycrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candleberrycrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/candleberrycrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/candleberrycrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cantaloupecrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cantaloupecrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cantaloupecrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cantaloupecrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cantaloupecrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cantaloupecrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cantaloupecrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cantaloupecrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cashewSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cashewSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cashew_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cashew_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cashew_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cashew_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cashew_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cashew_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cauliflowercrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cauliflowercrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cauliflowercrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cauliflowercrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cauliflowercrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cauliflowercrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cauliflowercrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cauliflowercrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/celerycrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/celerycrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/celerycrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/celerycrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/celerycrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/celerycrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/celerycrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/celerycrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cherrySapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cherrySapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cherry_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cherry_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cherry_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cherry_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cherry_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cherry_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/chestnutSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/chestnutSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/chestnut_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/chestnut_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/chestnut_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/chestnut_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/chestnut_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/chestnut_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/chilipeppercrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/chilipeppercrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/chilipeppercrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/chilipeppercrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/chilipeppercrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/chilipeppercrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/chilipeppercrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/chilipeppercrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cinnamonSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cinnamonSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cinnamon_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cinnamon_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cinnamon_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cinnamon_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cinnamon_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cinnamon_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/coconutSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/coconutSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/coconut_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/coconut_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/coconut_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/coconut_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/coconut_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/coconut_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/coffeebeancrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/coffeebeancrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/coffeebeancrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/coffeebeancrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/coffeebeancrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/coffeebeancrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/coffeebeancrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/coffeebeancrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/corncrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/corncrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/corncrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/corncrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/corncrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/corncrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/corncrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/corncrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cottoncrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cottoncrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cottoncrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cottoncrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cottoncrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cottoncrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cottoncrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cottoncrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cranberrycrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cranberrycrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cranberrycrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cranberrycrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cranberrycrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cranberrycrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cranberrycrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cranberrycrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cucumbercrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cucumbercrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cucumbercrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cucumbercrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cucumbercrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cucumbercrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cucumbercrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cucumbercrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cuttingboardsidebottom,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cuttingboardsidebottom.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/cuttingboardtop,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/cuttingboardtop.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/dateSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/dateSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/date_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/date_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/date_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/date_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/date_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/date_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/desertgarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/desertgarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/dragonfruitSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/dragonfruitSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/dragonfruit_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/dragonfruit_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/dragonfruit_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/dragonfruit_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/dragonfruit_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/dragonfruit_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/durianSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/durianSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/durian_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/durian_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/durian_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/durian_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/durian_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/durian_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/eggplantcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/eggplantcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/eggplantcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/eggplantcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/eggplantcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/eggplantcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/eggplantcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/eggplantcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/figSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/figSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/fig_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/fig_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/fig_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/fig_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/fig_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/fig_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/garliccrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/garliccrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/garliccrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/garliccrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/garliccrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/garliccrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/garliccrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/garliccrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/gingercrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/gingercrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/gingercrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/gingercrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/gingercrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/gingercrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/gingercrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/gingercrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/gourdgarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/gourdgarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grapecrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grapecrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grapecrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grapecrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grapecrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grapecrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grapecrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grapecrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grapefruitSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grapefruitSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grapefruit_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grapefruit_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grapefruit_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grapefruit_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grapefruit_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grapefruit_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/grassgarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/grassgarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/groundgarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/groundgarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/herbgarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/herbgarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/kiwicrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/kiwicrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/kiwicrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/kiwicrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/kiwicrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/kiwicrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/kiwicrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/kiwicrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/leafygarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/leafygarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/leekcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/leekcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/leekcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/leekcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/leekcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/leekcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/leekcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/leekcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lemonSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lemonSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lemon_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lemon_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lemon_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lemon_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lemon_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lemon_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lettucecrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lettucecrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lettucecrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lettucecrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lettucecrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lettucecrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lettucecrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lettucecrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/limeSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/limeSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lime_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lime_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lime_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lime_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/lime_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/lime_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mangoSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mangoSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mango_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mango_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mango_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mango_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mango_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mango_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mapleSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mapleSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/maple_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/maple_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/maple_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/maple_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/maple_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/maple_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mushroomgarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mushroomgarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mustardseedscrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mustardseedscrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mustardseedscrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mustardseedscrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mustardseedscrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mustardseedscrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/mustardseedscrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/mustardseedscrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/nutmegSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/nutmegSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/nutmeg_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/nutmeg_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/nutmeg_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/nutmeg_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/nutmeg_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/nutmeg_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/oatscrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/oatscrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/oatscrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/oatscrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/oatscrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/oatscrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/oatscrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/oatscrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/okracrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/okracrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/okracrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/okracrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/okracrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/okracrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/okracrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/okracrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/oliveSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/oliveSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/olive_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/olive_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/olive_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/olive_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/olive_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/olive_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/onioncrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/onioncrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/onioncrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/onioncrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/onioncrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/onioncrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/onioncrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/onioncrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/orangeSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/orangeSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/orange_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/orange_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/orange_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/orange_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/orange_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/orange_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/papayaSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/papayaSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/papaya_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/papaya_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/papaya_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/papaya_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/papaya_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/papaya_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/paperbarkSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/paperbarkSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/paperbark_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/paperbark_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/paperbark_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/paperbark_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/paperbark_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/paperbark_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/parsnipcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/parsnipcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/parsnipcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/parsnipcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/parsnipcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/parsnipcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/parsnipcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/parsnipcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peachSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peachSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peach_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peach_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peach_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peach_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peach_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peach_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peanutcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peanutcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peanutcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peanutcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peanutcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peanutcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peanutcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peanutcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pearSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pearSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pear_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pear_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pear_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pear_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pear_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pear_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peascrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peascrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peascrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peascrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peascrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peascrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peascrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peascrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pecanSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pecanSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pecan_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pecan_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pecan_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pecan_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pecan_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pecan_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peppercornSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peppercornSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peppercorn_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peppercorn_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peppercorn_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peppercorn_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/peppercorn_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/peppercorn_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/persimmonSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/persimmonSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/persimmon_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/persimmon_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/persimmon_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/persimmon_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/persimmon_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/persimmon_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pineapplecrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pineapplecrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pineapplecrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pineapplecrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pineapplecrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pineapplecrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pineapplecrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pineapplecrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pistachioSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pistachioSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pistachio_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pistachio_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pistachio_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pistachio_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pistachio_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pistachio_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/plumSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/plumSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/plum_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/plum_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/plum_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/plum_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/plum_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/plum_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pomegranateSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pomegranateSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pomegranate_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pomegranate_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pomegranate_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pomegranate_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pomegranate_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pomegranate_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/potsidebottom,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/potsidebottom.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pottop,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pottop.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/presserfront,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/presserfront.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/presserside,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/presserside.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/pressertop,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/pressertop.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/radishcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/radishcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/radishcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/radishcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/radishcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/radishcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/radishcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/radishcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/raspberrycrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/raspberrycrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/raspberrycrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/raspberrycrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/raspberrycrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/raspberrycrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/raspberrycrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/raspberrycrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/rhubarbcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/rhubarbcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/rhubarbcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/rhubarbcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/rhubarbcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/rhubarbcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/rhubarbcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/rhubarbcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/ricecrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/ricecrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/ricecrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/ricecrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/ricecrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/ricecrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/ricecrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/ricecrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/rutabagacrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/rutabagacrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/rutabagacrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/rutabagacrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/rutabagacrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/rutabagacrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/rutabagacrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/rutabagacrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/ryecrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/ryecrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/ryecrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/ryecrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/ryecrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/ryecrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/ryecrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/ryecrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/salt,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/salt.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/scallioncrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/scallioncrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/scallioncrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/scallioncrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/scallioncrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/scallioncrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/scallioncrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/scallioncrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/seaweedcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/seaweedcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/seaweedcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/seaweedcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/seaweedcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/seaweedcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/seaweedcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/seaweedcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinkbottom_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinkbottom_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinkbottom_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinkbottom_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinkbottom_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinkbottom_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinkbottom_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinkside_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinkside_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinkside_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinkside_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinkside_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinkside_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinkside_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinkside_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinktop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinktop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinktop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinktop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinktop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinktop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sinktop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sinktop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/soybeancrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/soybeancrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/soybeancrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/soybeancrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/soybeancrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/soybeancrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/soybeancrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/soybeancrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/spiceleafcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/spiceleafcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/spiceleafcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/spiceleafcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/spiceleafcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/spiceleafcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/spiceleafcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/spiceleafcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/stalkgarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/stalkgarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/starfruitSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/starfruitSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/starfruit_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/starfruit_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/starfruit_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/starfruit_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/starfruit_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/starfruit_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/strawberrycrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/strawberrycrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/strawberrycrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/strawberrycrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/strawberrycrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/strawberrycrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/strawberrycrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/strawberrycrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sweetpotatocrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sweetpotatocrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sweetpotatocrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sweetpotatocrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sweetpotatocrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sweetpotatocrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/sweetpotatocrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/sweetpotatocrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tealeafcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tealeafcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tealeafcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tealeafcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tealeafcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tealeafcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tealeafcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tealeafcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/textilegarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/textilegarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tomatocrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tomatocrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tomatocrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tomatocrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tomatocrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tomatocrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tomatocrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tomatocrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/tropicalgarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/tropicalgarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/turnipcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/turnipcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/turnipcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/turnipcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/turnipcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/turnipcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/turnipcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/turnipcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/vanillabeanSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/vanillabeanSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/vanillabean_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/vanillabean_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/vanillabean_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/vanillabean_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/vanillabean_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/vanillabean_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/walnutSapling,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/walnutSapling.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/walnut_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/walnut_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/walnut_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/walnut_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/walnut_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/walnut_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/watergarden0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/watergarden0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/whitemushroomcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/whitemushroomcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/whitemushroomcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/whitemushroomcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/whitemushroomcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/whitemushroomcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/whitemushroomcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/whitemushroomcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/wintersquashcrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/wintersquashcrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/wintersquashcrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/wintersquashcrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/wintersquashcrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/wintersquashcrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/wintersquashcrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/wintersquashcrop_3.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/zucchinicrop_0,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/zucchinicrop_0.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/zucchinicrop_1,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/zucchinicrop_1.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/zucchinicrop_2,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/zucchinicrop_2.png
texture:id=harvestcraft/zucchinicrop_3,filename=assets/harvestcraft/textures/blocks/zucchinicrop_3.png



# %cuttingboard:* (cuttingboard), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCuttingBoard
block:id=%cuttingboard,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:harvestcraft/cuttingboardsidebottom,face1=0:harvestcraft/cuttingboardtop,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/cuttingboardsidebottom

# %pot:* (pot), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamPot
block:id=%pot,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:harvestcraft/potsidebottom,face1=0:harvestcraft/pottop,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/potsidebottom

# %beehive:* (beehive), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamBeehive
block:id=%beehive,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/beehivebottom,face1=0:harvestcraft/beehivetop,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/beehiveside

# %apiary:* (apiary), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamApiary
block:id=%apiary,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,face1=0:harvestcraft/apiarytop,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/apiaryside

# %presser:* (presser), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamPresser
block:id=%presser,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,face1=0:harvestcraft/pressertop,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/presserside
block:id=%presser,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,face1=0:harvestcraft/pressertop,face2=0:harvestcraft/presserfront,face3-5=0:harvestcraft/presserside
block:id=%presser,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,face1=0:harvestcraft/pressertop,face2=0:harvestcraft/presserside,face3=0:harvestcraft/presserfront,face4-5=0:harvestcraft/presserside
block:id=%presser,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,face1=0:harvestcraft/pressertop,face2-3=0:harvestcraft/presserside,face4=0:harvestcraft/presserfront,face5=0:harvestcraft/presserside
block:id=%presser,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,face1=0:harvestcraft/pressertop,face2-4=0:harvestcraft/presserside,face5=0:harvestcraft/presserfront
block:id=%presser,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,face1=0:harvestcraft/pressertop,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/presserside

# %sink:* (sink), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSink
block:id=%sink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_0,face1=0:harvestcraft/sinktop_0,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/sinkside_0
block:id=%sink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_1,face1=0:harvestcraft/sinktop_1,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/sinkside_1
block:id=%sink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_2,face1=0:harvestcraft/sinktop_2,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/sinkside_2
block:id=%sink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:harvestcraft/sinkbottom_3,face1=0:harvestcraft/sinktop_3,face2-5=0:harvestcraft/sinkside_3

# %salt:* (salt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSalt
block:id=%salt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/salt

# %berrygarden:* (berrygarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%berrygarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/berrygarden0

# %desertgarden:* (desertgarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamDesertGarden
block:id=%desertgarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/desertgarden0

# %grassgarden:* (grassgarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%grassgarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grassgarden0

# %gourdgarden:* (gourdgarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%gourdgarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/gourdgarden0

# %groundgarden:* (groundgarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%groundgarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/groundgarden0

# %herbgarden:* (herbgarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%herbgarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/herbgarden0

# %leafygarden:* (leafygarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%leafygarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/leafygarden0

# %mushroomgarden:* (mushroomgarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamMushroomGarden
block:id=%mushroomgarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mushroomgarden0

# %stalkgarden:* (stalkgarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%stalkgarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/stalkgarden0

# %textilegarden:* (textilegarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%textilegarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/textilegarden0

# %tropicalgarden:* (tropicalgarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamNormalGarden
block:id=%tropicalgarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tropicalgarden0

# %watergarden:* (watergarden), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamWaterGarden
block:id=%watergarden,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/watergarden0

# %pamApple:* (pamApple), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamApple,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_0
block:id=%pamApple,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_1
block:id=%pamApple,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_2
block:id=%pamApple,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_0
block:id=%pamApple,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_1
block:id=%pamApple,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_2
block:id=%pamApple,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_0
block:id=%pamApple,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_1
block:id=%pamApple,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_2
block:id=%pamApple,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_0
block:id=%pamApple,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_1
block:id=%pamApple,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_2
block:id=%pamApple,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_0
block:id=%pamApple,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_1
block:id=%pamApple,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_2
block:id=%pamApple,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apple_0

# %pamappleSapling:* (pamappleSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamappleSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/appleSapling

# %pamAlmond:* (pamAlmond), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_0
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_1
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_2
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_0
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_1
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_2
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_0
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_1
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_2
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_0
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_1
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_2
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_0
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_1
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_2
block:id=%pamAlmond,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almond_0

# %pamalmondSapling:* (pamalmondSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamalmondSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/almondSapling

# %pamApricot:* (pamApricot), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamApricot,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_0
block:id=%pamApricot,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_1
block:id=%pamApricot,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_2
block:id=%pamApricot,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_0
block:id=%pamApricot,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_1
block:id=%pamApricot,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_2
block:id=%pamApricot,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_0
block:id=%pamApricot,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_1
block:id=%pamApricot,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_2
block:id=%pamApricot,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_0
block:id=%pamApricot,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_1
block:id=%pamApricot,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_2
block:id=%pamApricot,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_0
block:id=%pamApricot,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_1
block:id=%pamApricot,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_2
block:id=%pamApricot,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricot_0

# %pamapricotSapling:* (pamapricotSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamapricotSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/apricotSapling

# %pamAvocado:* (pamAvocado), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_0
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_1
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_2
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_0
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_1
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_2
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_0
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_1
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_2
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_0
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_1
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_2
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_0
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_1
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_2
block:id=%pamAvocado,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocado_0

# %pamavocadoSapling:* (pamavocadoSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamavocadoSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/avocadoSapling

# %pamBanana:* (pamBanana), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamBanana,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_0
block:id=%pamBanana,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_1
block:id=%pamBanana,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_2
block:id=%pamBanana,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_0
block:id=%pamBanana,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_1
block:id=%pamBanana,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_2
block:id=%pamBanana,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_0
block:id=%pamBanana,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_1
block:id=%pamBanana,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_2
block:id=%pamBanana,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_0
block:id=%pamBanana,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_1
block:id=%pamBanana,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_2
block:id=%pamBanana,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_0
block:id=%pamBanana,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_1
block:id=%pamBanana,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_2
block:id=%pamBanana,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/banana_0

# %pambananaSapling:* (pambananaSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pambananaSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bananaSapling

# %pamCashew:* (pamCashew), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamCashew,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_0
block:id=%pamCashew,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_1
block:id=%pamCashew,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_2
block:id=%pamCashew,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_0
block:id=%pamCashew,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_1
block:id=%pamCashew,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_2
block:id=%pamCashew,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_0
block:id=%pamCashew,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_1
block:id=%pamCashew,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_2
block:id=%pamCashew,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_0
block:id=%pamCashew,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_1
block:id=%pamCashew,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_2
block:id=%pamCashew,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_0
block:id=%pamCashew,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_1
block:id=%pamCashew,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_2
block:id=%pamCashew,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashew_0

# %pamcashewSapling:* (pamcashewSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamcashewSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cashewSapling

# %pamCherry:* (pamCherry), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamCherry,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_0
block:id=%pamCherry,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_1
block:id=%pamCherry,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_2
block:id=%pamCherry,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_0
block:id=%pamCherry,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_1
block:id=%pamCherry,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_2
block:id=%pamCherry,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_0
block:id=%pamCherry,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_1
block:id=%pamCherry,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_2
block:id=%pamCherry,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_0
block:id=%pamCherry,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_1
block:id=%pamCherry,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_2
block:id=%pamCherry,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_0
block:id=%pamCherry,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_1
block:id=%pamCherry,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_2
block:id=%pamCherry,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherry_0

# %pamcherrySapling:* (pamcherrySapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamcherrySapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cherrySapling

# %pamChestnut:* (pamChestnut), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_0
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_1
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_2
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_0
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_1
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_2
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_0
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_1
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_2
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_0
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_1
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_2
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_0
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_1
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_2
block:id=%pamChestnut,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnut_0

# %pamchestnutSapling:* (pamchestnutSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamchestnutSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chestnutSapling

# %pamCinnamon:* (pamCinnamon), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_0
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_1
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_2
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_0
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_1
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_2
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_0
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_1
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_2
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_0
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_1
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_2
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_0
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_1
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_2
block:id=%pamCinnamon,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/cinnamon_0

# %pamcinnamonSapling:* (pamcinnamonSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamcinnamonSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cinnamonSapling

# %pamCoconut:* (pamCoconut), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_0
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_1
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_2
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_0
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_1
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_2
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_0
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_1
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_2
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_0
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_1
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_2
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_0
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_1
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_2
block:id=%pamCoconut,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconut_0

# %pamcoconutSapling:* (pamcoconutSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamcoconutSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coconutSapling

# %pamDate:* (pamDate), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamDate,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_0
block:id=%pamDate,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_1
block:id=%pamDate,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_2
block:id=%pamDate,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_0
block:id=%pamDate,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_1
block:id=%pamDate,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_2
block:id=%pamDate,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_0
block:id=%pamDate,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_1
block:id=%pamDate,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_2
block:id=%pamDate,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_0
block:id=%pamDate,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_1
block:id=%pamDate,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_2
block:id=%pamDate,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_0
block:id=%pamDate,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_1
block:id=%pamDate,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_2
block:id=%pamDate,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/date_0

# %pamdateSapling:* (pamdateSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamdateSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dateSapling

# %pamDragonfruit:* (pamDragonfruit), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_0
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_1
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_2
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_0
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_1
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_2
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_0
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_1
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_2
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_0
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_1
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_2
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_0
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_1
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_2
block:id=%pamDragonfruit,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruit_0

# %pamdragonfruitSapling:* (pamdragonfruitSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamdragonfruitSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/dragonfruitSapling

# %pamDurian:* (pamDurian), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamDurian,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_0
block:id=%pamDurian,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_1
block:id=%pamDurian,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_2
block:id=%pamDurian,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_0
block:id=%pamDurian,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_1
block:id=%pamDurian,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_2
block:id=%pamDurian,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_0
block:id=%pamDurian,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_1
block:id=%pamDurian,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_2
block:id=%pamDurian,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_0
block:id=%pamDurian,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_1
block:id=%pamDurian,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_2
block:id=%pamDurian,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_0
block:id=%pamDurian,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_1
block:id=%pamDurian,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_2
block:id=%pamDurian,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durian_0

# %pamdurianSapling:* (pamdurianSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamdurianSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/durianSapling

# %pamFig:* (pamFig), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamFig,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_0
block:id=%pamFig,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_1
block:id=%pamFig,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_2
block:id=%pamFig,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_0
block:id=%pamFig,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_1
block:id=%pamFig,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_2
block:id=%pamFig,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_0
block:id=%pamFig,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_1
block:id=%pamFig,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_2
block:id=%pamFig,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_0
block:id=%pamFig,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_1
block:id=%pamFig,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_2
block:id=%pamFig,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_0
block:id=%pamFig,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_1
block:id=%pamFig,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_2
block:id=%pamFig,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/fig_0

# %pamfigSapling:* (pamfigSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamfigSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/figSapling

# %pamGrapefruit:* (pamGrapefruit), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_0
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_1
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_2
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_0
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_1
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_2
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_0
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_1
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_2
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_0
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_1
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_2
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_0
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_1
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_2
block:id=%pamGrapefruit,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruit_0

# %pamgrapefruitSapling:* (pamgrapefruitSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamgrapefruitSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapefruitSapling

# %pamLemon:* (pamLemon), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamLemon,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_0
block:id=%pamLemon,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_1
block:id=%pamLemon,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_2
block:id=%pamLemon,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_0
block:id=%pamLemon,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_1
block:id=%pamLemon,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_2
block:id=%pamLemon,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_0
block:id=%pamLemon,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_1
block:id=%pamLemon,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_2
block:id=%pamLemon,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_0
block:id=%pamLemon,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_1
block:id=%pamLemon,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_2
block:id=%pamLemon,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_0
block:id=%pamLemon,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_1
block:id=%pamLemon,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_2
block:id=%pamLemon,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemon_0

# %pamlemonSapling:* (pamlemonSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamlemonSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lemonSapling

# %pamLime:* (pamLime), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamLime,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_0
block:id=%pamLime,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_1
block:id=%pamLime,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_2
block:id=%pamLime,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_0
block:id=%pamLime,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_1
block:id=%pamLime,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_2
block:id=%pamLime,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_0
block:id=%pamLime,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_1
block:id=%pamLime,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_2
block:id=%pamLime,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_0
block:id=%pamLime,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_1
block:id=%pamLime,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_2
block:id=%pamLime,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_0
block:id=%pamLime,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_1
block:id=%pamLime,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_2
block:id=%pamLime,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lime_0

# %pamlimeSapling:* (pamlimeSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamlimeSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/limeSapling

# %pamMaple:* (pamMaple), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamMaple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_0
block:id=%pamMaple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_1
block:id=%pamMaple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_2
block:id=%pamMaple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_0
block:id=%pamMaple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_1
block:id=%pamMaple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_2
block:id=%pamMaple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_0
block:id=%pamMaple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_1
block:id=%pamMaple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_2
block:id=%pamMaple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_0
block:id=%pamMaple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_1
block:id=%pamMaple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_2
block:id=%pamMaple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_0
block:id=%pamMaple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_1
block:id=%pamMaple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_2
block:id=%pamMaple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/maple_0

# %pammapleSapling:* (pammapleSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pammapleSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mapleSapling

# %pamMango:* (pamMango), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamMango,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_0
block:id=%pamMango,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_1
block:id=%pamMango,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_2
block:id=%pamMango,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_0
block:id=%pamMango,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_1
block:id=%pamMango,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_2
block:id=%pamMango,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_0
block:id=%pamMango,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_1
block:id=%pamMango,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_2
block:id=%pamMango,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_0
block:id=%pamMango,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_1
block:id=%pamMango,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_2
block:id=%pamMango,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_0
block:id=%pamMango,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_1
block:id=%pamMango,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_2
block:id=%pamMango,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mango_0

# %pammangoSapling:* (pammangoSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pammangoSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mangoSapling

# %pamNutmeg:* (pamNutmeg), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_0
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_1
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_2
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_0
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_1
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_2
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_0
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_1
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_2
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_0
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_1
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_2
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_0
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_1
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_2
block:id=%pamNutmeg,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmeg_0

# %pamnutmegSapling:* (pamnutmegSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamnutmegSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/nutmegSapling

# %pamOlive:* (pamOlive), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamOlive,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_0
block:id=%pamOlive,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_1
block:id=%pamOlive,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_2
block:id=%pamOlive,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_0
block:id=%pamOlive,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_1
block:id=%pamOlive,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_2
block:id=%pamOlive,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_0
block:id=%pamOlive,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_1
block:id=%pamOlive,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_2
block:id=%pamOlive,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_0
block:id=%pamOlive,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_1
block:id=%pamOlive,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_2
block:id=%pamOlive,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_0
block:id=%pamOlive,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_1
block:id=%pamOlive,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_2
block:id=%pamOlive,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/olive_0

# %pamoliveSapling:* (pamoliveSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamoliveSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/oliveSapling

# %pamOrange:* (pamOrange), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_0
block:id=%pamOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_1
block:id=%pamOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_2
block:id=%pamOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_0
block:id=%pamOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_1
block:id=%pamOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_2
block:id=%pamOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_0
block:id=%pamOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_1
block:id=%pamOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_2
block:id=%pamOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_0
block:id=%pamOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_1
block:id=%pamOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_2
block:id=%pamOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_0
block:id=%pamOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_1
block:id=%pamOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_2
block:id=%pamOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orange_0

# %pamorangeSapling:* (pamorangeSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamorangeSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/orangeSapling

# %pamPapaya:* (pamPapaya), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_0
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_1
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_2
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_0
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_1
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_2
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_0
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_1
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_2
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_0
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_1
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_2
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_0
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_1
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_2
block:id=%pamPapaya,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papaya_0

# %pampapayaSapling:* (pampapayaSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampapayaSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/papayaSapling

# %pamPaperbark:* (pamPaperbark), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_0
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_1
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_2
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_0
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_1
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_2
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_0
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_1
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_2
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_0
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_1
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_2
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_0
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_1
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_2
block:id=%pamPaperbark,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:harvestcraft/paperbark_0

# %pampaperbarkSapling:* (pampaperbarkSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampaperbarkSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/paperbarkSapling

# %pamPeach:* (pamPeach), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPeach,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_0
block:id=%pamPeach,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_1
block:id=%pamPeach,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_2
block:id=%pamPeach,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_0
block:id=%pamPeach,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_1
block:id=%pamPeach,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_2
block:id=%pamPeach,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_0
block:id=%pamPeach,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_1
block:id=%pamPeach,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_2
block:id=%pamPeach,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_0
block:id=%pamPeach,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_1
block:id=%pamPeach,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_2
block:id=%pamPeach,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_0
block:id=%pamPeach,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_1
block:id=%pamPeach,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_2
block:id=%pamPeach,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peach_0

# %pampeachSapling:* (pampeachSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampeachSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peachSapling

# %pamPear:* (pamPear), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPear,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_0
block:id=%pamPear,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_1
block:id=%pamPear,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_2
block:id=%pamPear,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_0
block:id=%pamPear,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_1
block:id=%pamPear,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_2
block:id=%pamPear,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_0
block:id=%pamPear,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_1
block:id=%pamPear,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_2
block:id=%pamPear,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_0
block:id=%pamPear,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_1
block:id=%pamPear,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_2
block:id=%pamPear,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_0
block:id=%pamPear,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_1
block:id=%pamPear,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_2
block:id=%pamPear,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pear_0

# %pampearSapling:* (pampearSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampearSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pearSapling

# %pamPecan:* (pamPecan), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPecan,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_0
block:id=%pamPecan,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_1
block:id=%pamPecan,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_2
block:id=%pamPecan,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_0
block:id=%pamPecan,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_1
block:id=%pamPecan,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_2
block:id=%pamPecan,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_0
block:id=%pamPecan,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_1
block:id=%pamPecan,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_2
block:id=%pamPecan,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_0
block:id=%pamPecan,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_1
block:id=%pamPecan,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_2
block:id=%pamPecan,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_0
block:id=%pamPecan,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_1
block:id=%pamPecan,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_2
block:id=%pamPecan,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecan_0

# %pampecanSapling:* (pampecanSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampecanSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pecanSapling

# %pamPeppercorn:* (pamPeppercorn), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_0
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_1
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_2
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_0
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_1
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_2
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_0
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_1
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_2
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_0
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_1
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_2
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_0
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_1
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_2
block:id=%pamPeppercorn,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercorn_0

# %pampeppercornSapling:* (pampeppercornSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampeppercornSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peppercornSapling

# %pamPersimmon:* (pamPersimmon), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_0
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_1
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_2
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_0
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_1
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_2
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_0
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_1
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_2
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_0
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_1
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_2
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_0
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_1
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_2
block:id=%pamPersimmon,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmon_0

# %pampersimmonSapling:* (pampersimmonSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampersimmonSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/persimmonSapling

# %pamPistachio:* (pamPistachio), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_0
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_1
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_2
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_0
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_1
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_2
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_0
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_1
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_2
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_0
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_1
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_2
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_0
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_1
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_2
block:id=%pamPistachio,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachio_0

# %pampistachioSapling:* (pampistachioSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampistachioSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pistachioSapling

# %pamPlum:* (pamPlum), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPlum,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_0
block:id=%pamPlum,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_1
block:id=%pamPlum,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_2
block:id=%pamPlum,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_0
block:id=%pamPlum,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_1
block:id=%pamPlum,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_2
block:id=%pamPlum,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_0
block:id=%pamPlum,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_1
block:id=%pamPlum,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_2
block:id=%pamPlum,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_0
block:id=%pamPlum,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_1
block:id=%pamPlum,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_2
block:id=%pamPlum,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_0
block:id=%pamPlum,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_1
block:id=%pamPlum,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_2
block:id=%pamPlum,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plum_0

# %pamplumSapling:* (pamplumSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamplumSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/plumSapling

# %pamPomegranate:* (pamPomegranate), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_0
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_1
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_2
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_0
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_1
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_2
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_0
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_1
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_2
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_0
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_1
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_2
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_0
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_1
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_2
block:id=%pamPomegranate,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranate_0

# %pampomegranateSapling:* (pampomegranateSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pampomegranateSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pomegranateSapling

# %pamStarfruit:* (pamStarfruit), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_0
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_1
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_2
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_0
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_1
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_2
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_0
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_1
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_2
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_0
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_1
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_2
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_0
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_1
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_2
block:id=%pamStarfruit,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruit_0

# %pamstarfruitSapling:* (pamstarfruitSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamstarfruitSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/starfruitSapling

# %pamVanillabean:* (pamVanillabean), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_0
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_1
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_2
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_0
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_1
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_2
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_0
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_1
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_2
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_0
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_1
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_2
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_0
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_1
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_2
block:id=%pamVanillabean,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabean_0

# %pamvanillabeanSapling:* (pamvanillabeanSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamvanillabeanSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/vanillabeanSapling

# %pamWalnut:* (pamWalnut), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamFruit
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_0
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_1
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_2
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_0
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_1
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_2
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_0
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_1
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_2
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_0
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_1
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_2
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_0
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_1
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_2
block:id=%pamWalnut,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnut_0

# %pamwalnutSapling:* (pamwalnutSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamSapling
block:id=%pamwalnutSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/walnutSapling

# %pamblackberryCrop:* (pamblackberryCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamblackberryCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/blackberrycrop_0
block:id=%pamblackberryCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/blackberrycrop_1
block:id=%pamblackberryCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/blackberrycrop_2
block:id=%pamblackberryCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/blackberrycrop_3

# %pamblueberryCrop:* (pamblueberryCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamblueberryCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/blueberrycrop_0
block:id=%pamblueberryCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/blueberrycrop_1
block:id=%pamblueberryCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/blueberrycrop_2
block:id=%pamblueberryCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/blueberrycrop_3

# %pamcandleberryCrop:* (pamcandleberryCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcandleberryCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candleberrycrop_0
block:id=%pamcandleberryCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candleberrycrop_1
block:id=%pamcandleberryCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candleberrycrop_2
block:id=%pamcandleberryCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candleberrycrop_3

# %pamraspberryCrop:* (pamraspberryCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamraspberryCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/raspberrycrop_0
block:id=%pamraspberryCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/raspberrycrop_1
block:id=%pamraspberryCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/raspberrycrop_2
block:id=%pamraspberryCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/raspberrycrop_3

# %pamstrawberryCrop:* (pamstrawberryCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamstrawberryCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/strawberrycrop_0
block:id=%pamstrawberryCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/strawberrycrop_1
block:id=%pamstrawberryCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/strawberrycrop_2
block:id=%pamstrawberryCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/strawberrycrop_3

# %pamcactusfruitCrop:* (pamcactusfruitCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcactusfruitCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cactusfruitcrop_0
block:id=%pamcactusfruitCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cactusfruitcrop_1
block:id=%pamcactusfruitCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cactusfruitcrop_2
block:id=%pamcactusfruitCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cactusfruitcrop_3

# %pamasparagusCrop:* (pamasparagusCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamasparagusCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/asparaguscrop_0
block:id=%pamasparagusCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/asparaguscrop_1
block:id=%pamasparagusCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/asparaguscrop_2
block:id=%pamasparagusCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/asparaguscrop_3

# %pambarleyCrop:* (pambarleyCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pambarleyCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/barleycrop_0
block:id=%pambarleyCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/barleycrop_1
block:id=%pambarleyCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/barleycrop_2
block:id=%pambarleyCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/barleycrop_3

# %pamoatsCrop:* (pamoatsCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamoatsCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/oatscrop_0
block:id=%pamoatsCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/oatscrop_1
block:id=%pamoatsCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/oatscrop_2
block:id=%pamoatsCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/oatscrop_3

# %pamryeCrop:* (pamryeCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamryeCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/ryecrop_0
block:id=%pamryeCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/ryecrop_1
block:id=%pamryeCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/ryecrop_2
block:id=%pamryeCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/ryecrop_3

# %pamcornCrop:* (pamcornCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcornCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/corncrop_0
block:id=%pamcornCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/corncrop_1
block:id=%pamcornCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/corncrop_2
block:id=%pamcornCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/corncrop_3

# %pambambooshootCrop:* (pambambooshootCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pambambooshootCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bambooshootcrop_0
block:id=%pambambooshootCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bambooshootcrop_1
block:id=%pambambooshootCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bambooshootcrop_2
block:id=%pambambooshootCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bambooshootcrop_3

# %pamcantaloupeCrop:* (pamcantaloupeCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcantaloupeCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cantaloupecrop_0
block:id=%pamcantaloupeCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cantaloupecrop_1
block:id=%pamcantaloupeCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cantaloupecrop_2
block:id=%pamcantaloupeCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cantaloupecrop_3

# %pamcucumberCrop:* (pamcucumberCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcucumberCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cucumbercrop_0
block:id=%pamcucumberCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cucumbercrop_1
block:id=%pamcucumberCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cucumbercrop_2
block:id=%pamcucumberCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cucumbercrop_3

# %pamwintersquashCrop:* (pamwintersquashCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamwintersquashCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/wintersquashcrop_0
block:id=%pamwintersquashCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/wintersquashcrop_1
block:id=%pamwintersquashCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/wintersquashcrop_2
block:id=%pamwintersquashCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/wintersquashcrop_3

# %pamzucchiniCrop:* (pamzucchiniCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamzucchiniCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/zucchinicrop_0
block:id=%pamzucchiniCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/zucchinicrop_1
block:id=%pamzucchiniCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/zucchinicrop_2
block:id=%pamzucchiniCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/zucchinicrop_3

# %pambeetCrop:* (pambeetCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pambeetCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/beetcrop_0
block:id=%pambeetCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/beetcrop_1
block:id=%pambeetCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/beetcrop_2
block:id=%pambeetCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/beetcrop_3

# %pamonionCrop:* (pamonionCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamonionCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/onioncrop_0
block:id=%pamonionCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/onioncrop_1
block:id=%pamonionCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/onioncrop_2
block:id=%pamonionCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/onioncrop_3

# %pamparsnipCrop:* (pamparsnipCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamparsnipCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/parsnipcrop_0
block:id=%pamparsnipCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/parsnipcrop_1
block:id=%pamparsnipCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/parsnipcrop_2
block:id=%pamparsnipCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/parsnipcrop_3

# %pampeanutCrop:* (pampeanutCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pampeanutCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peanutcrop_0
block:id=%pampeanutCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peanutcrop_1
block:id=%pampeanutCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peanutcrop_2
block:id=%pampeanutCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peanutcrop_3

# %pamradishCrop:* (pamradishCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamradishCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/radishcrop_0
block:id=%pamradishCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/radishcrop_1
block:id=%pamradishCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/radishcrop_2
block:id=%pamradishCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/radishcrop_3

# %pamrutabagaCrop:* (pamrutabagaCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamrutabagaCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/rutabagacrop_0
block:id=%pamrutabagaCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/rutabagacrop_1
block:id=%pamrutabagaCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/rutabagacrop_2
block:id=%pamrutabagaCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/rutabagacrop_3

# %pamsweetpotatoCrop:* (pamsweetpotatoCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamsweetpotatoCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/sweetpotatocrop_0
block:id=%pamsweetpotatoCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/sweetpotatocrop_1
block:id=%pamsweetpotatoCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/sweetpotatocrop_2
block:id=%pamsweetpotatoCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/sweetpotatocrop_3

# %pamturnipCrop:* (pamturnipCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamturnipCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/turnipcrop_0
block:id=%pamturnipCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/turnipcrop_1
block:id=%pamturnipCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/turnipcrop_2
block:id=%pamturnipCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/turnipcrop_3

# %pamrhubarbCrop:* (pamrhubarbCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamrhubarbCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/rhubarbcrop_0
block:id=%pamrhubarbCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/rhubarbcrop_1
block:id=%pamrhubarbCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/rhubarbcrop_2
block:id=%pamrhubarbCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/rhubarbcrop_3

# %pamceleryCrop:* (pamceleryCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamceleryCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/celerycrop_0
block:id=%pamceleryCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/celerycrop_1
block:id=%pamceleryCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/celerycrop_2
block:id=%pamceleryCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/celerycrop_3

# %pamgarlicCrop:* (pamgarlicCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamgarlicCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/garliccrop_0
block:id=%pamgarlicCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/garliccrop_1
block:id=%pamgarlicCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/garliccrop_2
block:id=%pamgarlicCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/garliccrop_3

# %pamgingerCrop:* (pamgingerCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamgingerCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/gingercrop_0
block:id=%pamgingerCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/gingercrop_1
block:id=%pamgingerCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/gingercrop_2
block:id=%pamgingerCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/gingercrop_3

# %pamspiceleafCrop:* (pamspiceleafCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamspiceleafCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/spiceleafcrop_0
block:id=%pamspiceleafCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/spiceleafcrop_1
block:id=%pamspiceleafCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/spiceleafcrop_2
block:id=%pamspiceleafCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/spiceleafcrop_3

# %pamtealeafCrop:* (pamtealeafCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamtealeafCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tealeafcrop_0
block:id=%pamtealeafCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tealeafcrop_1
block:id=%pamtealeafCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tealeafcrop_2
block:id=%pamtealeafCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tealeafcrop_3

# %pamcoffeebeanCrop:* (pamcoffeebeanCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcoffeebeanCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coffeebeancrop_0
block:id=%pamcoffeebeanCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coffeebeancrop_1
block:id=%pamcoffeebeanCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coffeebeancrop_2
block:id=%pamcoffeebeanCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/coffeebeancrop_3

# %pammustardseedsCrop:* (pammustardseedsCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pammustardseedsCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mustardseedscrop_0
block:id=%pammustardseedsCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mustardseedscrop_1
block:id=%pammustardseedsCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mustardseedscrop_2
block:id=%pammustardseedsCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/mustardseedscrop_3

# %pambroccoliCrop:* (pambroccoliCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pambroccoliCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/broccolicrop_0
block:id=%pambroccoliCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/broccolicrop_1
block:id=%pambroccoliCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/broccolicrop_2
block:id=%pambroccoliCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/broccolicrop_3

# %pamcauliflowerCrop:* (pamcauliflowerCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcauliflowerCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cauliflowercrop_0
block:id=%pamcauliflowerCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cauliflowercrop_1
block:id=%pamcauliflowerCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cauliflowercrop_2
block:id=%pamcauliflowerCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cauliflowercrop_3

# %pamleekCrop:* (pamleekCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamleekCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/leekcrop_0
block:id=%pamleekCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/leekcrop_1
block:id=%pamleekCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/leekcrop_2
block:id=%pamleekCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/leekcrop_3

# %pamlettuceCrop:* (pamlettuceCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamlettuceCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lettucecrop_0
block:id=%pamlettuceCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lettucecrop_1
block:id=%pamlettuceCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lettucecrop_2
block:id=%pamlettuceCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/lettucecrop_3

# %pamscallionCrop:* (pamscallionCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamscallionCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/scallioncrop_0
block:id=%pamscallionCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/scallioncrop_1
block:id=%pamscallionCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/scallioncrop_2
block:id=%pamscallionCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/scallioncrop_3

# %pamartichokeCrop:* (pamartichokeCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamartichokeCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/artichokecrop_0
block:id=%pamartichokeCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/artichokecrop_1
block:id=%pamartichokeCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/artichokecrop_2
block:id=%pamartichokeCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/artichokecrop_3

# %pambrusselsproutCrop:* (pambrusselsproutCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pambrusselsproutCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/brusselsproutcrop_0
block:id=%pambrusselsproutCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/brusselsproutcrop_1
block:id=%pambrusselsproutCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/brusselsproutcrop_2
block:id=%pambrusselsproutCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/brusselsproutcrop_3

# %pamcabbageCrop:* (pamcabbageCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcabbageCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cabbagecrop_0
block:id=%pamcabbageCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cabbagecrop_1
block:id=%pamcabbageCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cabbagecrop_2
block:id=%pamcabbageCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cabbagecrop_3

# %pamwhitemushroomCrop:* (pamwhitemushroomCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamwhitemushroomCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/whitemushroomcrop_0
block:id=%pamwhitemushroomCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/whitemushroomcrop_1
block:id=%pamwhitemushroomCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/whitemushroomcrop_2
block:id=%pamwhitemushroomCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/whitemushroomcrop_3

# %pambeanCrop:* (pambeanCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pambeanCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/beancrop_0
block:id=%pambeanCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/beancrop_1
block:id=%pambeanCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/beancrop_2
block:id=%pambeanCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/beancrop_3

# %pamsoybeanCrop:* (pamsoybeanCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamsoybeanCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/soybeancrop_0
block:id=%pamsoybeanCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/soybeancrop_1
block:id=%pamsoybeanCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/soybeancrop_2
block:id=%pamsoybeanCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/soybeancrop_3

# %pambellpepperCrop:* (pambellpepperCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pambellpepperCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bellpeppercrop_0
block:id=%pambellpepperCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bellpeppercrop_1
block:id=%pambellpepperCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bellpeppercrop_2
block:id=%pambellpepperCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/bellpeppercrop_3

# %pamchilipepperCrop:* (pamchilipepperCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamchilipepperCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chilipeppercrop_0
block:id=%pamchilipepperCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chilipeppercrop_1
block:id=%pamchilipepperCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chilipeppercrop_2
block:id=%pamchilipepperCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/chilipeppercrop_3

# %pameggplantCrop:* (pameggplantCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pameggplantCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/eggplantcrop_0
block:id=%pameggplantCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/eggplantcrop_1
block:id=%pameggplantCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/eggplantcrop_2
block:id=%pameggplantCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/eggplantcrop_3

# %pamokraCrop:* (pamokraCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamokraCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/okracrop_0
block:id=%pamokraCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/okracrop_1
block:id=%pamokraCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/okracrop_2
block:id=%pamokraCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/okracrop_3

# %pampeasCrop:* (pampeasCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pampeasCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peascrop_0
block:id=%pampeasCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peascrop_1
block:id=%pampeasCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peascrop_2
block:id=%pampeasCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/peascrop_3

# %pamtomatoCrop:* (pamtomatoCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamtomatoCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tomatocrop_0
block:id=%pamtomatoCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tomatocrop_1
block:id=%pamtomatoCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tomatocrop_2
block:id=%pamtomatoCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/tomatocrop_3

# %pamcottonCrop:* (pamcottonCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcottonCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cottoncrop_0
block:id=%pamcottonCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cottoncrop_1
block:id=%pamcottonCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cottoncrop_2
block:id=%pamcottonCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cottoncrop_3

# %pampineappleCrop:* (pampineappleCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pampineappleCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pineapplecrop_0
block:id=%pampineappleCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pineapplecrop_1
block:id=%pampineappleCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pineapplecrop_2
block:id=%pampineappleCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/pineapplecrop_3

# %pamgrapeCrop:* (pamgrapeCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamgrapeCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapecrop_0
block:id=%pamgrapeCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapecrop_1
block:id=%pamgrapeCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapecrop_2
block:id=%pamgrapeCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/grapecrop_3

# %pamkiwiCrop:* (pamkiwiCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamkiwiCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/kiwicrop_0
block:id=%pamkiwiCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/kiwicrop_1
block:id=%pamkiwiCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/kiwicrop_2
block:id=%pamkiwiCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/kiwicrop_3

# %pamcranberryCrop:* (pamcranberryCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamcranberryCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cranberrycrop_0
block:id=%pamcranberryCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cranberrycrop_1
block:id=%pamcranberryCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cranberrycrop_2
block:id=%pamcranberryCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/cranberrycrop_3

# %pamriceCrop:* (pamriceCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamriceCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/ricecrop_0
block:id=%pamriceCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/ricecrop_1
block:id=%pamriceCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/ricecrop_2
block:id=%pamriceCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/ricecrop_3

# %pamseaweedCrop:* (pamseaweedCrop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCrop
block:id=%pamseaweedCrop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/seaweedcrop_0
block:id=%pamseaweedCrop,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/seaweedcrop_1
block:id=%pamseaweedCrop,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/seaweedcrop_2
block:id=%pamseaweedCrop,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/seaweedcrop_3

# %pamcandleDeco1:* (pamcandleDeco1), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco1,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_0

# %pamcandleDeco2:* (pamcandleDeco2), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_1

# %pamcandleDeco3:* (pamcandleDeco3), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco3,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_2

# %pamcandleDeco4:* (pamcandleDeco4), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco4,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_3

# %pamcandleDeco5:* (pamcandleDeco5), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco5,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_4

# %pamcandleDeco6:* (pamcandleDeco6), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco6,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_5

# %pamcandleDeco7:* (pamcandleDeco7), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco7,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_6

# %pamcandleDeco8:* (pamcandleDeco8), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco8,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_7

# %pamcandleDeco9:* (pamcandleDeco9), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco9,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_8

# %pamcandleDeco10:* (pamcandleDeco10), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco10,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_9

# %pamcandleDeco11:* (pamcandleDeco11), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco11,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_10

# %pamcandleDeco12:* (pamcandleDeco12), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco12,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_11

# %pamcandleDeco13:* (pamcandleDeco13), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco13,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_12

# %pamcandleDeco14:* (pamcandleDeco14), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco14,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_13

# %pamcandleDeco15:* (pamcandleDeco15), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco15,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_14

# %pamcandleDeco16:* (pamcandleDeco16), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=com.pam.harvestcraft.BlockPamCandleDeco
block:id=%pamcandleDeco16,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:harvestcraft/candle_15
