# OpenBlocks 1.3
version:1.7
modname:OpenBlocks


cfgfile:config/OpenBlocks.cfg


texturepath:assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone_slab_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone_slab_top.png
texture:id=openblocks/autoanvil,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/autoanvil.png
texture:id=openblocks/autoenchantmenttable,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/autoenchantmenttable.png
texture:id=openblocks/autoenchantmenttable_bottom,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/autoenchantmenttable_bottom.png
texture:id=openblocks/autoenchantmenttable_top,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/autoenchantmenttable_top.png
texture:id=openblocks/beartrap,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/beartrap.png
texture:id=openblocks/bigbutton,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/bigbutton.png
texture:id=openblocks/blockBreaker,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/blockBreaker.png
texture:id=openblocks/blockBreaker_bottom,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/blockBreaker_bottom.png
texture:id=openblocks/blockBreaker_side,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/blockBreaker_side.png
texture:id=openblocks/blockPlacer,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/blockPlacer.png
texture:id=openblocks/blockPlacer_bottom,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/blockPlacer_bottom.png
texture:id=openblocks/blockPlacer_side,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/blockPlacer_side.png
texture:id=openblocks/cannon,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/cannon.png
texture:id=openblocks/canvas,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/canvas.png
texture:id=openblocks/donationstation,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/donationstation.png
texture:id=openblocks/drawingtable,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/drawingtable.png
texture:id=openblocks/drawingtable_front,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/drawingtable_front.png
texture:id=openblocks/drawingtable_top,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/drawingtable_top.png
texture:id=openblocks/egg,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/egg.png
texture:id=openblocks/elevator,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/elevator.png
texture:id=openblocks/fan,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/fan.png
texture:id=openblocks/grave,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/grave.png
texture:id=openblocks/guide_side,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/guide_side.png
texture:id=openblocks/guide_top,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/guide_top.png
texture:id=openblocks/heal,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/heal.png
texture:id=openblocks/itemDropper,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/itemDropper.png
texture:id=openblocks/itemDropper_down,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/itemDropper_down.png
texture:id=openblocks/ladder,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/ladder.png
texture:id=openblocks/paintcan_bottom,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/paintcan_bottom.png
texture:id=openblocks/paintcan_front,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/paintcan_front.png
texture:id=openblocks/paintcan_left,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/paintcan_left.png
texture:id=openblocks/paintcan_right,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/paintcan_right.png
texture:id=openblocks/paintcan_side,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/paintcan_side.png
texture:id=openblocks/paintcan_top,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/paintcan_top.png
texture:id=openblocks/paintmixer,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/paintmixer.png
texture:id=openblocks/path,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/path.png
texture:id=openblocks/pencilBlock,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/pencilBlock.png
texture:id=openblocks/ropeladder,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/ropeladder.png
texture:id=openblocks/sky_inactive,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/sky_inactive.png
texture:id=openblocks/sponge,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/sponge.png
texture:id=openblocks/sprinkler,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/sprinkler.png
texture:id=openblocks/tank,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/tank.png
texture:id=openblocks/target,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/target.png
texture:id=openblocks/trophy,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/trophy.png
texture:id=openblocks/vacuumhopper,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/vacuumhopper.png
texture:id=openblocks/village_highlighter,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/village_highlighter.png
texture:id=openblocks/xpbottler_back,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/xpbottler_back.png
texture:id=openblocks/xpbottler_bottom,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/xpbottler_bottom.png
texture:id=openblocks/xpbottler_front,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/xpbottler_front.png
texture:id=openblocks/xpbottler_sides,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/xpbottler_sides.png
texture:id=openblocks/xpbottler_top,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/xpbottler_top.png
texture:id=openblocks/xpdrain,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/xpdrain.png
texture:id=openblocks/xpshower,filename=assets/openblocks/textures/blocks/xpshower.png



# %ladder:* (ladder), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockLadder
block:id=%ladder,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/ladder

# %guide:* (guide), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockGuide
block:id=%guide,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:openblocks/guide_top,face2-5=0:openblocks/guide_side

# %elevator:* (elevator), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockElevator
block:id=%elevator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/elevator

# %heal:* (heal), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockHeal
block:id=%heal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/heal

# %target:* (target), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockTarget
block:id=%target,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/target

# %grave:* (grave), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockGrave
block:id=%grave,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/grave

# %flag:* (flag), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockFlag
block:id=%flag,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %tank:* (tank), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockTank
block:id=%tank,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/tank

# %trophy:* (trophy), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockTrophy
block:id=%trophy,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/trophy

# %beartrap:* (beartrap), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockBearTrap
block:id=%beartrap,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/beartrap

# %sprinkler:* (sprinkler), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockSprinkler
block:id=%sprinkler,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/sprinkler

# %cannon:* (cannon), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockCannon
block:id=%cannon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/cannon

# %vacuumhopper:* (vacuumhopper), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockVacuumHopper
block:id=%vacuumhopper,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/vacuumhopper

# %sponge:* (sponge), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockSponge
block:id=%sponge,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/sponge

# %bigbutton:* (bigbutton), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockBigButton
block:id=%bigbutton,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/bigbutton

# %imaginary:* (imaginary), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockImaginary
block:id=%imaginary,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/pencilBlock

# %fan:* (fan), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockFan
block:id=%fan,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/fan

# %xpbottler:* (xpbottler), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockXPBottler
block:id=%xpbottler,data=0,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/xpbottler_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/xpbottler_top,face2=0:openblocks/xpbottler_back,face3=0:openblocks/xpbottler_front,face4-5=0:openblocks/xpbottler_sides
block:id=%xpbottler,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/xpbottler_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/xpbottler_top,face2=0:openblocks/xpbottler_front,face3=0:openblocks/xpbottler_back,face4-5=0:openblocks/xpbottler_sides
block:id=%xpbottler,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/xpbottler_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/xpbottler_top,face2-3=0:openblocks/xpbottler_sides,face4=0:openblocks/xpbottler_back,face5=0:openblocks/xpbottler_front
block:id=%xpbottler,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/xpbottler_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/xpbottler_top,face2-3=0:openblocks/xpbottler_sides,face4=0:openblocks/xpbottler_front,face5=0:openblocks/xpbottler_back
block:id=%xpbottler,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/xpbottler_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/xpbottler_top,face2=0:openblocks/xpbottler_back,face3=0:openblocks/xpbottler_front,face4-5=0:openblocks/xpbottler_sides

# %village_highlighter:* (village_highlighter), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockVillageHighlighter
block:id=%village_highlighter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/village_highlighter

# %path:* (path), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockPath
block:id=%path,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/path

# %autoanvil:* (autoanvil), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockAutoAnvil
block:id=%autoanvil,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/autoanvil

# %autoenchantmenttable:* (autoenchantmenttable), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockAutoEnchantmentTable
block:id=%autoenchantmenttable,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:openblocks/autoenchantmenttable_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/autoenchantmenttable_top,face2-5=0:openblocks/autoenchantmenttable

# %xpdrain:* (xpdrain), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockXPDrain
block:id=%xpdrain,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/xpdrain

# %blockbreaker:* (blockbreaker), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockBlockBreaker
block:id=%blockbreaker,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/blockBreaker,face1=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_bottom,face2-5=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side
block:id=%blockbreaker,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/blockBreaker,face2-5=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side
block:id=%blockbreaker,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side,face2=0:openblocks/blockBreaker,face3=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_bottom,face4-5=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side
block:id=%blockbreaker,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side,face2=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_bottom,face3=0:openblocks/blockBreaker,face4-5=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side
block:id=%blockbreaker,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side,face4=0:openblocks/blockBreaker,face5=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_bottom
block:id=%blockbreaker,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side,face4=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_bottom,face5=0:openblocks/blockBreaker
block:id=%blockbreaker,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/blockBreaker,face2-5=0:openblocks/blockBreaker_side

# %blockPlacer:* (blockPlacer), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockBlockPlacer
block:id=%blockPlacer,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/blockPlacer,face1=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_bottom,face2-5=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side
block:id=%blockPlacer,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/blockPlacer,face2-5=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side
block:id=%blockPlacer,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side,face2=0:openblocks/blockPlacer,face3=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_bottom,face4-5=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side
block:id=%blockPlacer,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side,face2=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_bottom,face3=0:openblocks/blockPlacer,face4-5=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side
block:id=%blockPlacer,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side,face4=0:openblocks/blockPlacer,face5=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_bottom
block:id=%blockPlacer,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side,face4=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_bottom,face5=0:openblocks/blockPlacer
block:id=%blockPlacer,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/blockPlacer,face2-5=0:openblocks/blockPlacer_side

# %itemDropper:* (itemDropper), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockItemDropper
block:id=%itemDropper,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/itemDropper_down,face1-5=0:openblocks/itemDropper

# %ropeladder:* (ropeladder), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockRopeLadder
block:id=%ropeladder,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/ropeladder

# %donationStation:* (donationStation), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockDonationStation
block:id=%donationStation,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/donationstation

# %paintmixer:* (paintmixer), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockPaintMixer
block:id=%paintmixer,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:openblocks/paintmixer

# %canvas:* (canvas), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockCanvas
block:id=%canvas,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/canvas

# %paintcan:* (paintcan), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockPaintCan
block:id=%paintcan,data=0,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:openblocks/paintcan_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/paintcan_top,face2=0:openblocks/paintcan_side,face3=0:openblocks/paintcan_front,face4=0:openblocks/paintcan_left,face5=0:openblocks/paintcan_right
block:id=%paintcan,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:openblocks/paintcan_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/paintcan_top,face2=0:openblocks/paintcan_front,face3=0:openblocks/paintcan_side,face4=0:openblocks/paintcan_right,face5=0:openblocks/paintcan_left
block:id=%paintcan,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:openblocks/paintcan_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/paintcan_top,face2=0:openblocks/paintcan_right,face3=0:openblocks/paintcan_left,face4=0:openblocks/paintcan_side,face5=0:openblocks/paintcan_front
block:id=%paintcan,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:openblocks/paintcan_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/paintcan_top,face2=0:openblocks/paintcan_left,face3=0:openblocks/paintcan_right,face4=0:openblocks/paintcan_front,face5=0:openblocks/paintcan_side
block:id=%paintcan,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:openblocks/paintcan_bottom,face1=0:openblocks/paintcan_top,face2=0:openblocks/paintcan_side,face3=0:openblocks/paintcan_front,face4=0:openblocks/paintcan_left,face5=0:openblocks/paintcan_right

# %canvasglass:* (canvasglass), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockCanvasGlass
block:id=%canvasglass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/canvas

# %projector:* (projector), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockProjector
block:id=%projector,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone_slab_top

# %drawingtable:* (drawingtable), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockDrawingTable
block:id=%drawingtable,data=0,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face1=0:openblocks/drawingtable_top,face2=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face3=0:openblocks/drawingtable_front,face4-5=0:openblocks/drawingtable
block:id=%drawingtable,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face1=0:openblocks/drawingtable_top,face2=0:openblocks/drawingtable_front,face3-5=0:openblocks/drawingtable
block:id=%drawingtable,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face1=0:openblocks/drawingtable_top,face2-4=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face5=0:openblocks/drawingtable_front
block:id=%drawingtable,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face1=0:openblocks/drawingtable_top,face2-3=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face4=0:openblocks/drawingtable_front,face5=0:openblocks/drawingtable
block:id=%drawingtable,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face1=0:openblocks/drawingtable_top,face2=0:openblocks/drawingtable,face3=0:openblocks/drawingtable_front,face4-5=0:openblocks/drawingtable

# %sky:* (sky), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockSky
block:id=%sky,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/sky_inactive

# %xpshower:* (xpshower), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockXPShower
block:id=%xpshower,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/xpshower

# %goldenegg:* (goldenegg), render=openblocks.client.renderer.BlockRenderingHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=openblocks.common.block.BlockGoldenEgg
block:id=%goldenegg,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:openblocks/egg
