# Railcraft 8.3.2.0
version:1.7
modname:Railcraft[7.3.0-]

cfgfile:config/railcraft/railcraft.cfg


texturepath:assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.stone.abyssal.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.brick.sandy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.brick.sandy.png
texture:id=minecraft/brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/brick.png
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/creosote_still,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/creosote_still.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.steel,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.steel.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.infernal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.infernal.png,xcount=6
texture:id=railcraft/cube.crushed.obsidian,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.crushed.obsidian.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.nether,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.nether.png,xcount=6
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.capacitor,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.capacitor.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.any,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.any.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/detector.empty,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.empty.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/blast.furnace,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/blast.furnace.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/detector.train,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.train.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item.advanced,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.advanced.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bleachedbone.png,xcount=6
texture:id=railcraft/detector.item,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.item.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/detector.powered,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.powered.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.motor,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.motor.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.quarried,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.quarried.png,xcount=6
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_top.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.valve.png,xcount=4
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.png,xcount=3
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_top.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.firebox.liquid.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bloodstained,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bloodstained.png,xcount=6
texture:id=railcraft/detector.powered,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.powered.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.gauge.png,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/rock.crusher,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rock.crusher.png,xcount=4,ycount=3
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/steam_still,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/steam_still.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.world,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.world.png,xcount=3
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_normal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_normal.png
texture:id=railcraft/feed.station,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/feed.station.png,xcount=2
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_smooth,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_smooth.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_chiseled_top.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.tank.pressure.high.png,xcount=2
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/creosote_flow,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/creosote_flow.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.admin,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.admin.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.valve.png,xcount=4
texture:id=railcraft/signal.dual,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.dual.png,xcount=5
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_cracked,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_cracked.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.controller,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.controller.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_mossy,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_mossy.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.energy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.energy.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.tank.pressure.low.png,xcount=2
texture:id=railcraft/cube.brick.infernal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.brick.infernal.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.block.relay,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.block.relay.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.explosive,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.explosive.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.sentinel,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.sentinel.png,xcount=2
texture:id=railcraft/coke.oven,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/coke.oven.png,xcount=3
texture:id=minecraft/diamond_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/diamond_block.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.wall.png,xcount=2
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_chiseled.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.routing,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.routing.png
texture:id=railcraft/engraving.bench,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engraving.bench.png,xcount=4
texture:id=railcraft/glass,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/glass.png,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/turbine,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/turbine.png,xcount=3,ycount=3
texture:id=railcraft/steam.oven,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.oven.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.train,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.train.png,xcount=3
texture:id=minecraft/gold_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.single,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.single.png,xcount=5
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.cart,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.cart.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/detector.locomotive,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.locomotive.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.sequencer,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.sequencer.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.player,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.player.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/cube.coke,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.coke.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.receiver,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.receiver.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.interlock,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.interlock.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.mob,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.mob.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/detector.villager,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.villager.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/detector.advanced,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.advanced.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.low,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.low.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.tank,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.tank.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/tank.water,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.water.png,xcount=2
texture:id=railcraft/brick.abyssal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.abyssal.png,xcount=6
texture:id=railcraft/chest.void,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/chest.void.png
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=minecraft/nether_brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/nether_brick.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.animal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.animal.png,xcount=3
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.energy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.energy.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/detector.sheep,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.sheep.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.lever,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.lever.png
texture:id=minecraft/rail_normal_turned,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/rail_normal_turned.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_carved,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_carved.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone_slab_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone_slab_top.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.personal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.personal.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.energy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.energy.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.hobby,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.hobby.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_side.png
texture:id=railcraft/rolling.machine,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rolling.machine.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/loader.liquid,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.liquid.png,xcount=5
texture:id=railcraft/post.wood,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.wood.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.age,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.age.png,xcount=3
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice.png
texture:id=minecraft/snow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/snow.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.gauge.png,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tracks/track.elevator,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.elevator.png,xcount=2
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.png,xcount=16
texture:id=minecraft/rail_normal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/rail_normal.png
texture:id=railcraft/anvil_base,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anvil_base.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.frostbound,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.frostbound.png,xcount=6
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.wall.png,xcount=2
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.liquid,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.liquid.png,xcount=5
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.firebox.solid.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/smoker,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/smoker.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/concrete,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/concrete.png
texture:id=minecraft/netherrack,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/netherrack.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item.advanced,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.advanced.png,xcount=3
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.high,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.high.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_carved,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_carved.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_bottom.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.stone.quarried,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.stone.quarried.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.sandy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.sandy.png,xcount=6
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap.auto,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.auto.png,xcount=4
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick.png
# Track textures
texture:id=track0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.boarding.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.holding.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.oneway.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.control.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.launcher.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.priming.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track6,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.junction.png
texture:id=track7,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.switch.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track8,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.disembarking.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track9,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.suspended.png
texture:id=track10,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.gated.oneway.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track11,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.gated.png
texture:id=track12,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.slow.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track13,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.slow.boost.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track14,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.slow.junction.png
texture:id=track15,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.slow.switch.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track16,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.speed.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track17,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.speed.boost.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track18,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.speed.transition.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track19,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.speed.switch.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track20,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.boarding.train.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track21,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.holding.train.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track22,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.coupler.png,xcount=4
#texture:id=track23,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.decoupler.png
texture:id=track24,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.reinforced.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track25,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.reinforced.boost.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track26,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.reinforced.junction.png
texture:id=track27,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.reinforced.switch.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track28,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.buffer.stop.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track29,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.disposal.png
texture:id=track30,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.detector.direction.png,xcount=4
texture:id=track31,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.embarking.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track32,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.wye.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track33,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.slow.wye.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track34,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.reinforced.wye.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track35,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.speed.wye.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track36,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.lockdown.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track37,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.lockdown.train.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track38,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.whistle.png,xcount=2
texture:id=track39,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.locomotive.png,xcount=6
texture:id=track40,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.limiter.png,xcount=5
texture:id=track41,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.routing.png,xcount=2

# %tile.railcraft.detector:* (tile.railcraft.detector), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.detector.BlockDetector
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.item,face3=2:railcraft/detector.item,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.item
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.any,face3=2:railcraft/detector.any,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.any
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.empty,face3=2:railcraft/detector.empty,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.empty
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.mob,face3=2:railcraft/detector.mob,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.mob
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.powered,face3=2:railcraft/detector.powered,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.powered
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.player,face3=2:railcraft/detector.player,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.player
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.explosive,face3=2:railcraft/detector.explosive,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.explosive
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.animal,face3=2:railcraft/detector.animal,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.animal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.tank,face3=2:railcraft/detector.tank,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.tank
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.advanced,face3=2:railcraft/detector.advanced,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.advanced
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.energy,face3=2:railcraft/detector.energy,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.energy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.age,face3=2:railcraft/detector.age,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.age
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.train,face3=2:railcraft/detector.train,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.train
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.sheep,face3=2:railcraft/detector.sheep,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.sheep
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.villager,face3=2:railcraft/detector.villager,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.villager
block:id=%tile.railcraft.detector,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.locomotive,face3=2:railcraft/detector.locomotive,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.locomotive
# %tile.railcraft.machine.alpha:* (tile.railcraft.machine.alpha), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.world,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.world
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-3=2:railcraft/turbine,face4=6:railcraft/turbine,face5=2:railcraft/turbine
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.personal,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.personal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=2:railcraft/steam.oven,face2-3=3:railcraft/steam.oven,face4=6:railcraft/steam.oven,face5=3:railcraft/steam.oven
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.admin,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.admin
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/smoker,face1=1:railcraft/smoker,face2-5=2:railcraft/smoker
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:railcraft/coke.oven,face4=1:railcraft/coke.oven,face5=0:railcraft/coke.oven
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/rolling.machine,face1=1:railcraft/rolling.machine,face2-5=2:railcraft/rolling.machine
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/steam.trap,face1=2:railcraft/steam.trap,face2-5=1:railcraft/steam.trap
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/steam.trap.auto,face1=2:railcraft/steam.trap.auto,face2-5=1:railcraft/steam.trap.auto
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/feed.station,face2-5=1:railcraft/feed.station
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:railcraft/blast.furnace,face4=1:railcraft/blast.furnace,face5=0:railcraft/blast.furnace
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/engraving.bench,face1=1:railcraft/engraving.bench,face2-5=3:railcraft/engraving.bench
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.water,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.water
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.alpha,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=3:railcraft/rock.crusher,face1=11:railcraft/rock.crusher,face2-3=3:railcraft/rock.crusher,face4=7:railcraft/rock.crusher,face5=3:railcraft/rock.crusher
# %tile.railcraft.machine.beta:* (tile.railcraft.machine.beta), render=67(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iron.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.iron.wall
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.iron.gauge
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iron.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.iron.valve
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low,face2-5=1:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high,face2-5=1:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid,face2-5=1:railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid,face2-5=1:railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.hobby
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.low
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.high
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.sentinel,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.sentinel
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/chest.void
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.steel.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.steel.wall
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.steel.gauge
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.beta,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.steel.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.steel.valve
# %tile.railcraft.machine.gamma:* (tile.railcraft.machine.gamma), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=2:railcraft/loader.item,face1=0:railcraft/loader.item,face2-5=1:railcraft/loader.item
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/unloader.item,face1=2:railcraft/unloader.item,face2-5=1:railcraft/unloader.item
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/loader.item.advanced,face2=1:railcraft/loader.item.advanced,face3=2:railcraft/loader.item.advanced,face4-5=1:railcraft/loader.item.advanced
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced,face2=1:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced,face3=2:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced,face4-5=1:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=2:railcraft/loader.liquid,face1=0:railcraft/loader.liquid,face2-5=1:railcraft/loader.liquid
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/unloader.liquid,face1=2:railcraft/unloader.liquid,face2-5=1:railcraft/unloader.liquid
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/loader.energy,face2=1:railcraft/loader.energy,face3=2:railcraft/loader.energy,face4-5=1:railcraft/loader.energy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/unloader.energy,face2=1:railcraft/unloader.energy,face3=2:railcraft/unloader.energy,face4-5=1:railcraft/unloader.energy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/dispenser.cart,face2=1:railcraft/dispenser.cart,face3=2:railcraft/dispenser.cart,face4-5=1:railcraft/dispenser.cart
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/dispenser.train,face2=1:railcraft/dispenser.train,face3=2:railcraft/dispenser.train,face4-5=1:railcraft/dispenser.train
block:id=%tile.railcraft.machine.gamma,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=2:railcraft/loader.item,face1=0:railcraft/loader.item,face2-5=1:railcraft/loader.item

# %tile.railcraft.track:* (tile.railcraft.track), render=56(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.tracks.BlockTrack
block:id=%tile.railcraft.track,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,patch0=0:track0,patch1=0:track1,patch2=0:track2,patch3=0:track3,patch4=0:track4,patch5=0:track5,patch6=0:track6,patch7=0:track7,patch8=0:track8,patch9=0:track9,patch10=0:track10,patch11=0:track11,patch12=0:track12,patch13=0:track13,patch14=0:track14,patch15=0:track15,patch16=0:track16,patch17=0:track17,patch18=0:track18,patch19=0:track19,patch20=0:track20,patch21=0:track21,patch22=0:track22,patch24=0:track24,patch25=0:track25,patch26=0:track26,patch27=0:track27,patch28=0:track28,patch29=0:track29,patch30=0:track30,patch31=0:track31,patch32=0:track32,patch33=0:track33,patch34=0:track34,patch35=0:track35,patch36=0:track36,patch37=0:track37,patch38=0:track38,patch39=0:track39,patch40=0:track40,patch41=0:track41,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=%tile.railcraft.track,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,patch0=1:track0,patch1=1:track1,patch2=1:track2,patch3=1:track3,patch4=1:track4,patch5=1:track5,patch6=0:track6,patch7=1:track7,patch8=1:track8,patch9=0:track9,patch10=1:track10,patch11=0:track11,patch12=1:track12,patch13=1:track13,patch14=0:track14,patch15=1:track15,patch16=1:track16,patch17=1:track17,patch18=1:track18,patch19=1:track19,patch20=1:track20,patch21=1:track21,patch22=1:track22,patch24=1:track24,patch25=1:track25,patch26=0:track26,patch27=1:track27,patch28=1:track28,patch29=0:track29,patch30=1:track30,patch31=1:track31,patch32=1:track32,patch33=1:track33,patch34=1:track34,patch35=1:track35,patch36=1:track36,patch37=1:track37,patch38=1:track38,patch39=1:track39,patch40=1:track40,patch41=1:track41,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# %tile.railcraft.track.elevator:* (tile.railcraft.track.elevator), render=57(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.tracks.BlockTrackElevator
block:id=%tile.railcraft.track.elevator,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=1:railcraft/tracks/track.elevator
block:id=%tile.railcraft.track.elevator,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/tracks/track.elevator
# %tile.railcraft.signal:* (tile.railcraft.signal), render=58(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.signals.BlockSignal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.interlock
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.dual
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.motor
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.single
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.lever
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.routing
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.sequencer
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.capacitor
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.receiver
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.controller
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.single
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.dual
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.block.relay
block:id=%tile.railcraft.signal,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.lever
# %tile.railcraft.cube:* (tile.railcraft.cube), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.cube.BlockCube
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.coke
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.steel
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.crushed.obsidian
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
block:id=%tile.railcraft.cube,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
# %tile.railcraft.ore:* (tile.railcraft.ore), render=68(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.ore.BlockOre
block:id=%tile.railcraft.ore,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.ore,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_bottom
block:id=%tile.railcraft.ore,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.ore,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/netherrack
block:id=%tile.railcraft.ore,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone
# %tile.railcraft.post:* (tile.railcraft.post), render=59(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.post.BlockPost
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
# %tile.railcraft.post.metal:* (tile.railcraft.post.metal), render=60(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.post.BlockPostMetal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=1:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=3:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=4:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=5:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=6:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=7:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=8:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=9:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=10:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=11:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=12:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=13:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=14:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%tile.railcraft.post.metal,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=15:railcraft/post.metal.painted
# %tile.railcraft.wall.alpha:* (tile.railcraft.wall.alpha), render=61(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.wall.BlockRailcraftWall
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/snow
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/ice
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stonebrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stonebrick_mossy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stonebrick_cracked
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stonebrick_carved
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/nether_brick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/brick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/sandstone_bottom,face1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_normal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_carved
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_smooth
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.alpha,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound
# %tile.railcraft.worldlogic:* (tile.railcraft.worldlogic), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.ore.BlockWorldLogic
block:id=%tile.railcraft.worldlogic,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/bedrock
# %tile.railcraft.wall.beta:* (tile.railcraft.wall.beta), render=62(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.wall.BlockRailcraftWall
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,face1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_side
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.wall.beta,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,face1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_side

# %tile.railcraft.stair:* (tile.railcraft.stair), render=63(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.stairs.BlockRailcraftStairs
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stair,data=*,patch0=0:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch1=0:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch2=0:railcraft/concrete,patch3=0:minecraft/snow,,patch4=12000:minecraft/ice,patch5=0:minecraft/iron_block,patch6=0:minecraft/gold_block,patch7=0:minecraft/diamond_block,patch8=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch9=0:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch10=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch11=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch12=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch13=1:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch14=1:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch15=1:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch16=1:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch17=1:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch18=1:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch19=1:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch20=2:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch21=2:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch22=2:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch23=2:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch24=2:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch25=2:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch26=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch27=5:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch28=5:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch29=5:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch30=5:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch31=5:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch32=5:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch33=5:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch34=5:railcraft/brick.nether,patch35=0:railcraft/post.wood,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT

# %tile.railcraft.slab:* (tile.railcraft.slab), render=64(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.slab.BlockRailcraftSlab
block:id=%tile.railcraft.slab,data=*,patch0=0:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch1=0:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch2=0:railcraft/concrete,patch3=0:minecraft/snow,,patch4=12000:minecraft/ice,patch5=0:minecraft/iron_block,patch6=0:minecraft/gold_block,patch7=0:minecraft/diamond_block,patch8=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch9=0:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch10=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch11=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch12=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch13=1:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch14=1:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch15=1:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch16=1:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch17=1:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch18=1:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch19=1:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch20=2:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch21=2:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch22=2:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch23=2:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch24=2:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch25=2:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch26=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch27=5:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch28=5:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch29=5:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch30=5:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch31=5:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch32=5:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch33=5:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch34=5:railcraft/brick.nether,patch35=0:railcraft/post.wood,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT

# %tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal:* (tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal
# %tile.railcraft.brick.infernal:* (tile.railcraft.brick.infernal), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.infernal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.infernal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.infernal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.infernal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.infernal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.infernal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.infernal,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal
# %tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained:* (tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
# %tile.railcraft.brick.sandy:* (tile.railcraft.brick.sandy), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.sandy,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.sandy,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.sandy,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.sandy,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.sandy,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.sandy,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.sandy,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy
# %tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone:* (tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
# %tile.railcraft.brick.quarried:* (tile.railcraft.brick.quarried), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.quarried,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.quarried,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.quarried,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.quarried,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.quarried,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.quarried,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.quarried,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried
# %tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound:* (tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound

# %tile.railcraft.glass:* (tile.railcraft.glass), render=65(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.glass.BlockStrengthGlass
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=0,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFFFFF
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=1,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF6A00
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=2,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF64FF
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=3,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=7F9AD1
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=4,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=CFC231
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=5,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=3FAA36
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=6,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=E585A0
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=7,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=444444
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=8,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=888888
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=9,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=36809E
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=10,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=843FBF
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=11,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=3441A2
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=12,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=5C3A24
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=13,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=394C1E
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=14,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=A33835
block:id=%tile.railcraft.glass,data=15,patch0=21000:railcraft/glass,patch1=21000:railcraft/glass,patch2=21000:railcraft/glass,patch3=21003:railcraft/glass,patch4=21001:railcraft/glass,patch5=21002:railcraft/glass,patch6=12004:railcraft/glass,layer0-5=6,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=2D2D2D

# %tile.railcraft.brick.nether:* (tile.railcraft.brick.nether), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick$BlockNetherBrick
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.nether,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.nether,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.nether,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.nether,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.nether,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.nether,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%tile.railcraft.brick.nether,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether
# %tile.railcraft.firestone.recharge:* (tile.block.firestone.recharge), render=-1(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.items.firestone.BlockFirestoneRecharge
block:id=%tile.railcraft.firestone.recharge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian
# %tile.railcraft.anvil:* (tile.railcraft.block.anvil), render=35(ANVIL), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.anvil.BlockRCAnvil
block:id=%tile.railcraft.anvil,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/anvil_base
# %tile.railcraft.stonelamp:* (tile.railcraft.stonelamp), render=66(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.lamp.BlockStoneLamp
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_top
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone_slab_top
block:id=%tile.railcraft.stonelamp,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal
# %tile.railcraft.fluid.creosote:* (tile.railcraft.block.fluid.creosote), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.fluids.BlockRailcraftFluid
block:id=%tile.railcraft.fluid.creosote,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:railcraft/fluids/creosote_still,face2-5=0:railcraft/fluids/creosote_flow
# %tile.railcraft.fluid.steam:* (tile.railcraft.block.fluid.steam), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.fluids.BlockRailcraftFluidFinite
block:id=%tile.railcraft.fluid.steam,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/fluids/steam_still
