# AWWayofTime v1.0.1e
version:1.7
modname:AWWayofTime


cfgfile:config/AWWayofTime.cfg


texturepath:assets/awwayoftime/textures/blocks/
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/AirRitualStone,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/AirRitualStone.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/AlchemicChemistrySet,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/AlchemicChemistrySet.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/AltarCapacityRune,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/AltarCapacityRune.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/ArcanePedestal,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/ArcanePedestal.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/ArcanePlinth,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/ArcanePlinth.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/BlankRune,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/BlankRune.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/BlockBloodLight,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/BlockBloodLight.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_Bottom,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/BloodAltar_Bottom.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_SideType2,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/BloodAltar_SideType2.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_Top,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/BloodAltar_Top.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/BloodSocket,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/BloodSocket.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/BloodStoneBrick,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/BloodStoneBrick.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/DislocationRune,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/DislocationRune.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/DuskRitualStone,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/DuskRitualStone.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/EarthRitualStone,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/EarthRitualStone.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/EfficiencyRune,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/EfficiencyRune.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/EmptySocket,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/EmptySocket.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/FireRitualStone,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/FireRitualStone.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/HomHeart_bottom,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/HomHeart_bottom.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/HomHeart_side,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/HomHeart_side.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/HomHeart_top,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/HomHeart_top.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/ImperfectRitualStone,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/ImperfectRitualStone.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/LargeBloodStoneBrick,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/LargeBloodStoneBrick.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/MasterStone,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/MasterStone.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/OrbCapacityRune,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/OrbCapacityRune.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/RitualStone,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/RitualStone.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/RuneOfSacrifice,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/RuneOfSacrifice.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/RuneOfSelfSacrifice,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/RuneOfSelfSacrifice.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/SoulForge,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/SoulForge.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/SpectralBlock,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/SpectralBlock.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/SpeedRune,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/SpeedRune.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/Teleposer_Side,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/Teleposer_Side.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/Teleposer_Top,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/Teleposer_Top.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/WaterRitualStone,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/WaterRitualStone.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/fireEffectBlock_blank.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_output,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/fireEffectBlock_output.png
texture:id=AlchemicalWizardry/lifeEssenceStill,filename=assets/alchemicalwizardry/textures/blocks/lifeEssenceStill.png



# %Altar:* (Altar), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockAltar
block:id=%Altar,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_Bottom,face1=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_Top,face2-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_SideType2

# %AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune:* (AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BloodRune
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BlankRune
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/AltarCapacityRune
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/DislocationRune
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/OrbCapacityRune
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BlankRune

# %lifeEssence:* (lifeEssence), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.LifeEssenceBlock
block:id=%lifeEssence,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:AlchemicalWizardry/lifeEssenceStill

# %speedRune:* (speedRune), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.SpeedRune
block:id=%speedRune,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/SpeedRune
block:id=%speedRune,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/SpeedRune

# %efficiencyRune:* (efficiencyRune), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.EfficiencyRune
block:id=%efficiencyRune,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/EfficiencyRune
block:id=%efficiencyRune,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/EfficiencyRune

# %runeOfSacrifice:* (runeOfSacrifice), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.RuneOfSacrifice
block:id=%runeOfSacrifice,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/RuneOfSacrifice
block:id=%runeOfSacrifice,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/RuneOfSacrifice

# %runeOfSelfSacrifice:* (runeOfSelfSacrifice), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.RuneOfSelfSacrifice
block:id=%runeOfSelfSacrifice,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/RuneOfSelfSacrifice
block:id=%runeOfSelfSacrifice,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/RuneOfSelfSacrifice

# %ritualStone:* (ritualStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.RitualStone
block:id=%ritualStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/RitualStone
block:id=%ritualStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/WaterRitualStone
block:id=%ritualStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/FireRitualStone
block:id=%ritualStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/EarthRitualStone
block:id=%ritualStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/AirRitualStone
block:id=%ritualStone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/DuskRitualStone
block:id=%ritualStone,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/RitualStone

# %masterStone:* (masterStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockMasterStone
block:id=%masterStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/MasterStone

# %bloodSocket:* (bloodSocket), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockSocket
block:id=%bloodSocket,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodSocket

# %imperfectRitualStone:* (imperfectRitualStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.ImperfectRitualStone
block:id=%imperfectRitualStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/ImperfectRitualStone

# %armourForge:* (armourForge), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.ArmourForge
block:id=%armourForge,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/SoulForge

# %emptySocket:* (emptySocket), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.EmptySocket
block:id=%emptySocket,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/EmptySocket

# %bloodStoneBrick:* (bloodStoneBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BloodStoneBrick
block:id=%bloodStoneBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodStoneBrick

# %largeBloodStoneBrick:* (largeBloodStoneBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.LargeBloodStoneBrick
block:id=%largeBloodStoneBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/LargeBloodStoneBrick

# %blockWritingTable:* (blockWritingTable), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockWritingTable
block:id=%blockWritingTable,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_Bottom,face1=0:AlchemicalWizardry/AlchemicChemistrySet,face2-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_SideType2

# %blockHomHeart:* (blockHomHeart), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockHomHeart
block:id=%blockHomHeart,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:AlchemicalWizardry/HomHeart_bottom,face1=0:AlchemicalWizardry/HomHeart_top,face2-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/HomHeart_side

# %blockPedestal:* (blockPedestal), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockPedestal
block:id=%blockPedestal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodSocket,face1=0:AlchemicalWizardry/ArcanePedestal,face2-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodSocket

# %blockPlinth:* (blockPlinth), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockPlinth
block:id=%blockPlinth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodSocket,face1=0:AlchemicalWizardry/ArcanePlinth,face2-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodSocket

# %blockTeleposer:* (blockTeleposer), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockTeleposer
block:id=%blockTeleposer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:AlchemicalWizardry/Teleposer_Side,face1=0:AlchemicalWizardry/Teleposer_Top,face2-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/Teleposer_Side

# %spectralBlock:* (spectralBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.SpectralBlock
block:id=%spectralBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:AlchemicalWizardry/SpectralBlock

# %bloodLight:* (bloodLight), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockBloodLightSource
block:id=%bloodLight,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BlockBloodLight

# %blockConduit:* (blockConduit), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockConduit
block:id=%blockConduit,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_Bottom,face1=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_Top,face2-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BloodAltar_SideType2

# %AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm:* (AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockSpellParadigm
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank,face4=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_output,face5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank

# %AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement:* (AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockSpellEnhancement
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank,face4=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_output,face5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank

# %AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier:* (AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockSpellModifier
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank,face4=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_output,face5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank

# %AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect:* (AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockSpellEffect
block:id=%AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank,face4=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_output,face5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/fireEffectBlock_blank

# %spectralContainer:* (spectralContainer), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=WayofTime.alchemicalWizardry.common.block.BlockSpectralContainer
block:id=%spectralContainer,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:AlchemicalWizardry/BlockBloodLight
