# bluepower 0.1.589
version:1.7
modname:bluepower


cfgfile:config/bluepower.cfg


texturepath:assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/
texture:id=bluepower/amethyst_block,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/amethyst_block.png
texture:id=bluepower/amethyst_ore,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/amethyst_ore.png
texture:id=bluepower/basalt,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/basalt.png
texture:id=bluepower/basalt_brick,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/basalt_brick.png
texture:id=bluepower/basalt_brick_small,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/basalt_brick_small.png
texture:id=bluepower/basalt_cobble,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/basalt_cobble.png
texture:id=bluepower/basalt_paver,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/basalt_paver.png
texture:id=bluepower/basalt_tile/basalt_tile_1,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/basalt_tile/basalt_tile_1.png
texture:id=bluepower/basaltbrick_cracked,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/basaltbrick_cracked.png
texture:id=bluepower/copper_block,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/copper_block.png
texture:id=bluepower/copper_ore,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/copper_ore.png
texture:id=bluepower/cracked_basalt_lava,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/cracked_basalt_lava.png
texture:id=bluepower/fancy_basalt,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/fancy_basalt.png
texture:id=bluepower/fancy_marble,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/fancy_marble.png
texture:id=bluepower/flax_crop_stage_0,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/flax_crop_stage_0.png
texture:id=bluepower/flax_crop_stage_1,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/flax_crop_stage_1.png
texture:id=bluepower/flax_crop_stage_2,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/flax_crop_stage_2.png
texture:id=bluepower/flax_crop_stage_3,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/flax_crop_stage_3.png
texture:id=bluepower/flax_crop_stage_4,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/flax_crop_stage_4.png
texture:id=bluepower/flax_crop_stage_5,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/flax_crop_stage_5.png
texture:id=bluepower/indigo_flower,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/indigo_flower.png
texture:id=bluepower/lamps/lamp_off,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/lamps/lamp_off.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_bottom,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/alloyfurnace_bottom.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_front_off,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/alloyfurnace_front_off.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/alloyfurnace_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_top,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/alloyfurnace_top.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/block_breaker_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/block_breaker_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/block_breaker_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/block_breaker_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/block_breaker_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/block_breaker_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/buffer_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/buffer_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/buffer_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/buffer_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/buffer_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/buffer_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/deployer_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/deployer_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/deployer_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/deployer_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/deployer_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/deployer_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/ejector_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/ejector_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/ejector_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/ejector_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/ejector_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/ejector_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/ejector_side_0,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/ejector_side_0.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/filter_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/filter_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/filter_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/filter_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/filter_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/filter_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/igniter_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/igniter_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/igniter_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/igniter_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/igniter_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/igniter_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/igniter_side_0,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/igniter_side_0.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/item_detector_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/item_detector_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/item_detector_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/item_detector_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/item_detector_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/item_detector_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/item_detector_side_0,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/item_detector_side_0.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/project_table_bottom,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/project_table_bottom.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/project_table_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/project_table_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/project_table_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/project_table_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/project_table_top,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/project_table_top.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/regulator_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/regulator_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/regulator_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/regulator_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/regulator_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/regulator_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/regulator_side_0,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/regulator_side_0.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/relay_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/relay_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/relay_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/relay_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/relay_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/relay_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/relay_side_0,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/relay_side_0.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/retriever_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/retriever_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/retriever_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/retriever_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/retriever_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/retriever_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/sorting_machine_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/sorting_machine_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/sorting_machine_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/sorting_machine_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/sorting_machine_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/sorting_machine_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/transposer_back,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/transposer_back.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/transposer_front,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/transposer_front.png
texture:id=bluepower/machines/transposer_side,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/machines/transposer_side.png
texture:id=bluepower/marble,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/marble.png
texture:id=bluepower/marble_brick,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/marble_brick.png
texture:id=bluepower/marble_brick_small,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/marble_brick_small.png
texture:id=bluepower/marble_paver,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/marble_paver.png
texture:id=bluepower/marble_tile/marble_tile_1,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/marble_tile/marble_tile_1.png
texture:id=bluepower/ruby_block,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/ruby_block.png
texture:id=bluepower/ruby_ore,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/ruby_ore.png
texture:id=bluepower/sapphire_block,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/sapphire_block.png
texture:id=bluepower/sapphire_ore,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/sapphire_ore.png
texture:id=bluepower/silver_block,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/silver_block.png
texture:id=bluepower/silver_ore,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/silver_ore.png
texture:id=bluepower/teslatite_block,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/teslatite_block.png
texture:id=bluepower/teslatite_ore,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/teslatite_ore.png
texture:id=bluepower/tungsten_block,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/tungsten_block.png
texture:id=bluepower/tungsten_ore,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/tungsten_ore.png
texture:id=bluepower/zinc_block,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/zinc_block.png
texture:id=bluepower/zinc_ore,filename=assets/bluepower/textures/blocks/zinc_ore.png



# %basalt:* (basalt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%basalt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/basalt

# %basalt_cobble:* (basalt_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%basalt_cobble,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/basalt_cobble

# %basalt_brick:* (basalt_brick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%basalt_brick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/basalt_brick

# %basaltbrick_cracked:* (basaltbrick_cracked), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%basaltbrick_cracked,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/basaltbrick_cracked

# %fancy_basalt:* (fancy_basalt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%fancy_basalt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/fancy_basalt

# %basalt_brick_small:* (basalt_brick_small), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%basalt_brick_small,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/basalt_brick_small

# %cracked_basalt_lava:* (cracked_basalt_lava), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockCrackedBasalt
block:id=%cracked_basalt_lava,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/cracked_basalt_lava

# %basalt_tile:* (basalt_tile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOreConnected
block:id=%basalt_tile,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/basalt_tile/basalt_tile_1

# %basalt_paver:* (basalt_paver), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%basalt_paver,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/basalt_paver

# %marble:* (marble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%marble,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/marble

# %marble_brick:* (marble_brick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%marble_brick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/marble_brick

# %fancy_marble:* (fancy_marble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%fancy_marble,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/fancy_marble

# %marble_brick_small:* (marble_brick_small), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%marble_brick_small,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/marble_brick_small

# %marble_tile:* (marble_tile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOreConnected
block:id=%marble_tile,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/marble_tile/marble_tile_1

# %marble_paver:* (marble_paver), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%marble_paver,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/marble_paver

# %teslatite_ore:* (teslatite_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockItemOre
block:id=%teslatite_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/teslatite_ore

# %copper_ore:* (copper_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%copper_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/copper_ore

# %silver_ore:* (silver_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%silver_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/silver_ore

# %zinc_ore:* (zinc_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%zinc_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/zinc_ore

# %tungsten_ore:* (tungsten_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%tungsten_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/tungsten_ore

# %ruby_ore:* (ruby_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockItemOre
block:id=%ruby_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/ruby_ore

# %sapphire_ore:* (sapphire_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockItemOre
block:id=%sapphire_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/sapphire_ore

# %amethyst_ore:* (amethyst_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockItemOre
block:id=%amethyst_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/amethyst_ore

# %ruby_block:* (ruby_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%ruby_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/ruby_block

# %sapphire_block:* (sapphire_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%sapphire_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/sapphire_block

# %amethyst_block:* (amethyst_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%amethyst_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/amethyst_block

# %teslatite_block:* (teslatite_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%teslatite_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/teslatite_block

# %copper_block:* (copper_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%copper_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/copper_block

# %silver_block:* (silver_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%silver_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/silver_block

# %zinc_block:* (zinc_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%zinc_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/zinc_block

# %tungsten_block:* (tungsten_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockStoneOre
block:id=%tungsten_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:bluepower/tungsten_block

# %flax_crop:* (flax_crop), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockCrop
block:id=%flax_crop,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:bluepower/flax_crop_stage_0
block:id=%flax_crop,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:bluepower/flax_crop_stage_1
block:id=%flax_crop,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:bluepower/flax_crop_stage_2
block:id=%flax_crop,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:bluepower/flax_crop_stage_3
block:id=%flax_crop,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:bluepower/flax_crop_stage_4
block:id=%flax_crop,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:bluepower/flax_crop_stage_5

# %indigo_flower:* (indigo_flower), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.worldgen.BlockCustomFlower
block:id=%indigo_flower,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:bluepower/indigo_flower

# %alloyfurnace:* (alloyfurnace), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockAlloyFurnace
block:id=%alloyfurnace,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_bottom,face1=0:bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_top,face2=0:bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_side,face3=0:bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_front_off,face4-5=0:bluepower/machines/alloyfurnace_side

# %sorting_machine:* (sorting_machine), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockContainerBase
block:id=%sorting_machine,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/sorting_machine_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/sorting_machine_front,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/sorting_machine_side

# %block_breaker:* (block_breaker), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockContainerFrontRender
block:id=%block_breaker,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/block_breaker_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/block_breaker_front,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/block_breaker_side

# %igniter:* (igniter), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockIgniter
block:id=%igniter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/igniter_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/igniter_front,face2-3=0:bluepower/machines/igniter_side_0,face4-5=0:bluepower/machines/igniter_side

# %buffer:* (buffer), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockContainerBase
block:id=%buffer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/buffer_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/buffer_front,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/buffer_side

# %deployer:* (deployer), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockContainerFrontRender
block:id=%deployer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/deployer_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/deployer_front,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/deployer_side

# %project_table:* (project_table), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockProjectTable
block:id=%project_table,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_front,face1=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_top,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side
block:id=%project_table,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_bottom,face1=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_front,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side
block:id=%project_table,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_bottom,face1=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_top,face2=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_front,face3-5=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side
block:id=%project_table,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_bottom,face1=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_top,face2=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side,face3=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_front,face4-5=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side
block:id=%project_table,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_bottom,face1=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_top,face2-3=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side,face4=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_front,face5=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side
block:id=%project_table,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_bottom,face1=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_top,face2-4=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side,face5=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_front
block:id=%project_table,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_bottom,face1=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_top,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/project_table_side

# %transposer:* (transposer), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockContainerBase
block:id=%transposer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/transposer_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/transposer_front,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/transposer_side

# %ejector:* (ejector), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockContainerTwoSideRender
block:id=%ejector,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/ejector_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/ejector_front,face2-3=0:bluepower/machines/ejector_side_0,face4-5=0:bluepower/machines/ejector_side

# %relay:* (relay), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockContainerTwoSideRender
block:id=%relay,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/relay_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/relay_front,face2-3=0:bluepower/machines/relay_side_0,face4-5=0:bluepower/machines/relay_side

# %filter:* (filter), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockContainerBase
block:id=%filter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/filter_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/filter_front,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/filter_side

# %retriever:* (retriever), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.BlockContainerBase
block:id=%retriever,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/retriever_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/retriever_front,face2-5=0:bluepower/machines/retriever_side

# %regulator:* (regulator), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockContainerTwoSideRender
block:id=%regulator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/regulator_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/regulator_front,face2-3=0:bluepower/machines/regulator_side_0,face4-5=0:bluepower/machines/regulator_side

# %item_detector:* (item_detector), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RendererBlockBase(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockContainerTwoSideRender
block:id=%item_detector,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:bluepower/machines/item_detector_back,face1=0:bluepower/machines/item_detector_front,face2-3=0:bluepower/machines/item_detector_side_0,face4-5=0:bluepower/machines/item_detector_side

# %lampblack:* (lampblack), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampblack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampred:* (lampred), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampred,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampgreen:* (lampgreen), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampgreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampbrown:* (lampbrown), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampbrown,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampblue:* (lampblue), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampblue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lamppurple:* (lamppurple), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lamppurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampcyan:* (lampcyan), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampcyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampsilver:* (lampsilver), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampsilver,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampgray:* (lampgray), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampgray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lamppink:* (lamppink), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lamppink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lamplime:* (lamplime), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lamplime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampyellow:* (lampyellow), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampyellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lamplight_blue:* (lamplight_blue), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lamplight_blue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampmagenta:* (lampmagenta), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampmagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lamporange:* (lamporange), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lamporange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampwhite:* (lampwhite), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampwhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedblack:* (lampinvertedblack), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedblack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedred:* (lampinvertedred), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedred,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedgreen:* (lampinvertedgreen), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedgreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedbrown:* (lampinvertedbrown), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedbrown,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedblue:* (lampinvertedblue), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedblue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedpurple:* (lampinvertedpurple), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedpurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedcyan:* (lampinvertedcyan), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedcyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedsilver:* (lampinvertedsilver), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedsilver,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedgray:* (lampinvertedgray), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedgray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedpink:* (lampinvertedpink), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedpink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedlime:* (lampinvertedlime), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedlime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedyellow:* (lampinvertedyellow), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedyellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedlight_blue:* (lampinvertedlight_blue), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedlight_blue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedmagenta:* (lampinvertedmagenta), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedmagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedorange:* (lampinvertedorange), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedorange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off

# %lampinvertedwhite:* (lampinvertedwhite), render=com.bluepowermod.client.renderers.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bluepowermod.blocks.machines.BlockLamp
block:id=%lampinvertedwhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:bluepower/lamps/lamp_off
