# witchery 0.20.4
version:1.7
modname:witchery


cfgfile:config/witchery.cfg


texturepath:assets/witchery/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/deadbush,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/deadbush.png
texture:id=minecraft/door_wood_lower,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/door_wood_lower.png
texture:id=minecraft/door_wood_upper,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/door_wood_upper.png
texture:id=minecraft/flower_dandelion,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/flower_dandelion.png
texture:id=minecraft/flower_rose,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/flower_rose.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_acacia,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_acacia.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_acacia_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_acacia_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_big_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_big_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_big_oak_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_big_oak_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_birch,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_birch.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_birch_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_birch_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_jungle,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_jungle.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_jungle_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_jungle_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_oak_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_oak_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_spruce.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_spruce_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_spruce_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/mycelium_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/mycelium_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/portal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/portal.png
texture:id=minecraft/soul_sand,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/soul_sand.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=minecraft/waterlily,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/waterlily.png
texture:id=witchery/altar,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/altar.png
texture:id=witchery/altar_joined,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/altar_joined.png
texture:id=witchery/altar_joined_top,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/altar_joined_top.png
texture:id=witchery/altar_top,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/altar_top.png
texture:id=witchery/artichoke_stage_0,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/artichoke_stage_0.png
texture:id=witchery/artichoke_stage_1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/artichoke_stage_1.png
texture:id=witchery/artichoke_stage_2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/artichoke_stage_2.png
texture:id=witchery/artichoke_stage_3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/artichoke_stage_3.png
texture:id=witchery/artichoke_stage_4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/artichoke_stage_4.png
texture:id=witchery/barrier,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/barrier.png
texture:id=witchery/belladonna_stage_0,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/belladonna_stage_0.png
texture:id=witchery/belladonna_stage_1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/belladonna_stage_1.png
texture:id=witchery/belladonna_stage_2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/belladonna_stage_2.png
texture:id=witchery/belladonna_stage_3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/belladonna_stage_3.png
texture:id=witchery/belladonna_stage_4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/belladonna_stage_4.png
texture:id=witchery/bloodrose,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/bloodrose.png
texture:id=witchery/bloodrose_full,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/bloodrose_full.png
texture:id=witchery/bramble_ender,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/bramble_ender.png
texture:id=witchery/bramble_wild,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/bramble_wild.png
texture:id=witchery/brazier,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/brazier.png
texture:id=witchery/candelabra,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/candelabra.png
texture:id=witchery/chalice,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/chalice.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.1.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.10,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.10.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.11,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.11.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.12,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.12.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.2.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.3.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.4.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.5,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.5.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.6,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.6.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.7,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.7.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.8,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.8.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph1.9,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph1.9.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.1.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.10,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.10.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.11,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.11.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.12,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.12.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.2.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.3.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.4.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.5,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.5.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.6,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.6.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.7,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.7.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.8,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.8.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph2.9,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph2.9.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.1.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.10,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.10.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.11,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.11.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.12,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.12.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.2.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.3.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.4.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.5,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.5.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.6,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.6.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.7,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.7.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.8,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.8.png
texture:id=witchery/circleglyph3.9,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/circleglyph3.9.png
texture:id=witchery/critterSnare_bat,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/critterSnare_bat.png
texture:id=witchery/critterSnare_empty,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/critterSnare_empty.png
texture:id=witchery/critterSnare_magmacube,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/critterSnare_magmacube.png
texture:id=witchery/critterSnare_silverfish,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/critterSnare_silverfish.png
texture:id=witchery/critterSnare_slime,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/critterSnare_slime.png
texture:id=witchery/crystalball,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/crystalball.png
texture:id=witchery/demonHeart,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/demonHeart.png
texture:id=witchery/distillery,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/distillery.png
texture:id=witchery/door_rowan_lower,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/door_rowan_lower.png
texture:id=witchery/door_rowan_upper,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/door_rowan_upper.png
texture:id=witchery/dragon_egg,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/dragon_egg.png
texture:id=witchery/embermoss,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/embermoss.png
texture:id=witchery/flowspirit_flow,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/flowspirit_flow.png
texture:id=witchery/flowspirit_still,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/flowspirit_still.png
texture:id=witchery/force,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/force.png
texture:id=witchery/fumefunnel,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/fumefunnel.png
texture:id=witchery/glintWeed,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/glintWeed.png
texture:id=witchery/glowGlobe,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/glowGlobe.png
texture:id=witchery/grassper,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/grassper.png
texture:id=witchery/heartGlyph,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/heartGlyph.png
texture:id=witchery/kettle,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/kettle.png
texture:id=witchery/leaves_alder,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/leaves_alder.png
texture:id=witchery/leaves_hawthorn,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/leaves_hawthorn.png
texture:id=witchery/leaves_rowan,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/leaves_rowan.png
texture:id=witchery/log_alder,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/log_alder.png
texture:id=witchery/log_alder_top,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/log_alder_top.png
texture:id=witchery/log_hawthorn,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/log_hawthorn.png
texture:id=witchery/log_hawthorn_top,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/log_hawthorn_top.png
texture:id=witchery/log_rowan,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/log_rowan.png
texture:id=witchery/log_rowan_top,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/log_rowan_top.png
texture:id=witchery/mandrake_stage_0,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mandrake_stage_0.png
texture:id=witchery/mandrake_stage_1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mandrake_stage_1.png
texture:id=witchery/mandrake_stage_2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mandrake_stage_2.png
texture:id=witchery/mandrake_stage_3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mandrake_stage_3.png
texture:id=witchery/mandrake_stage_4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mandrake_stage_4.png
texture:id=witchery/mindrake_stage_0,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mindrake_stage_0.png
texture:id=witchery/mindrake_stage_1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mindrake_stage_1.png
texture:id=witchery/mindrake_stage_2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mindrake_stage_2.png
texture:id=witchery/mindrake_stage_3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mindrake_stage_3.png
texture:id=witchery/mindrake_stage_4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/mindrake_stage_4.png
texture:id=witchery/planks_alder,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/planks_alder.png
texture:id=witchery/planks_hawthorn,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/planks_hawthorn.png
texture:id=witchery/planks_rowan,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/planks_rowan.png
texture:id=witchery/poppetShelf,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/poppetShelf.png
texture:id=witchery/sapling_alder,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/sapling_alder.png
texture:id=witchery/sapling_hawthorn,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/sapling_hawthorn.png
texture:id=witchery/sapling_rowan,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/sapling_rowan.png
texture:id=witchery/scarecrow,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/scarecrow.png
texture:id=witchery/snowbell_stage_0,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/snowbell_stage_0.png
texture:id=witchery/snowbell_stage_1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/snowbell_stage_1.png
texture:id=witchery/snowbell_stage_2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/snowbell_stage_2.png
texture:id=witchery/snowbell_stage_3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/snowbell_stage_3.png
texture:id=witchery/snowbell_stage_4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/snowbell_stage_4.png
texture:id=witchery/somnianCotton,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/somnianCotton.png
texture:id=witchery/spanishMoss,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/spanishMoss.png
texture:id=witchery/spinningwheel,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/spinningwheel.png
texture:id=witchery/tears_flow,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/tears_flow.png
texture:id=witchery/tears_still,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/tears_still.png
texture:id=witchery/trent,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/trent.png
texture:id=witchery/voidBramble,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/voidBramble.png
texture:id=witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_side,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wicker_block_bloodied_side.png
texture:id=witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_top,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wicker_block_bloodied_top.png
texture:id=witchery/wicker_block_plain_side,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wicker_block_plain_side.png
texture:id=witchery/wicker_block_plain_top,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wicker_block_plain_top.png
texture:id=witchery/witchesOven,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/witchesOven.png
texture:id=witchery/witchsladder,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/witchsladder.png
texture:id=witchery/wormwood_stage_0,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wormwood_stage_0.png
texture:id=witchery/wormwood_stage_1,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wormwood_stage_1.png
texture:id=witchery/wormwood_stage_2,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wormwood_stage_2.png
texture:id=witchery/wormwood_stage_3,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wormwood_stage_3.png
texture:id=witchery/wormwood_stage_4,filename=assets/witchery/textures/blocks/wormwood_stage_4.png



# %belladonna:* (belladonna), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchCrop
block:id=%belladonna,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/belladonna_stage_0
block:id=%belladonna,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/belladonna_stage_1
block:id=%belladonna,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/belladonna_stage_2
block:id=%belladonna,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/belladonna_stage_3
block:id=%belladonna,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/belladonna_stage_4

# %mandrake:* (mandrake), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchCrop
block:id=%mandrake,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mandrake_stage_0
block:id=%mandrake,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mandrake_stage_1
block:id=%mandrake,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mandrake_stage_2
block:id=%mandrake,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mandrake_stage_3
block:id=%mandrake,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mandrake_stage_4

# %artichoke:* (artichoke), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchCrop
block:id=%artichoke,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/artichoke_stage_0
block:id=%artichoke,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/artichoke_stage_1
block:id=%artichoke,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/artichoke_stage_2
block:id=%artichoke,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/artichoke_stage_3
block:id=%artichoke,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/artichoke_stage_4

# %snowbell:* (snowbell), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchCrop
block:id=%snowbell,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/snowbell_stage_0
block:id=%snowbell,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/snowbell_stage_1
block:id=%snowbell,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/snowbell_stage_2
block:id=%snowbell,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/snowbell_stage_3
block:id=%snowbell,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/snowbell_stage_4

# %wormwood:* (wormwood), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchCrop
block:id=%wormwood,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/wormwood_stage_0
block:id=%wormwood,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/wormwood_stage_1
block:id=%wormwood,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/wormwood_stage_2
block:id=%wormwood,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/wormwood_stage_3
block:id=%wormwood,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/wormwood_stage_4

# %mindrake:* (mindrake), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchCrop
block:id=%mindrake,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mindrake_stage_0
block:id=%mindrake,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mindrake_stage_1
block:id=%mindrake,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mindrake_stage_2
block:id=%mindrake,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mindrake_stage_3
block:id=%mindrake,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/mindrake_stage_4

# %witchsapling:* (witchsapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchSapling
block:id=%witchsapling,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_rowan
block:id=%witchsapling,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_alder
block:id=%witchsapling,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_hawthorn
block:id=%witchsapling,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_rowan
block:id=%witchsapling,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_alder
block:id=%witchsapling,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_hawthorn
block:id=%witchsapling,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_rowan
block:id=%witchsapling,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_alder
block:id=%witchsapling,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_hawthorn
block:id=%witchsapling,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_rowan
block:id=%witchsapling,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_alder
block:id=%witchsapling,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_hawthorn
block:id=%witchsapling,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/sapling_rowan

# %witchlog:* (witchlog), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchLog
block:id=%witchlog,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:witchery/log_rowan_top,face2-5=0:witchery/log_rowan
block:id=%witchlog,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:witchery/log_alder_top,face2-5=0:witchery/log_alder
block:id=%witchlog,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:witchery/log_hawthorn_top,face2-5=0:witchery/log_hawthorn
block:id=%witchlog,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:witchery/log_rowan_top,face2-5=0:witchery/log_rowan
block:id=%witchlog,data=4,face0-1=0:witchery/log_rowan,face2-3=4000:witchery/log_rowan,face4-5=0:witchery/log_rowan_top
block:id=%witchlog,data=5,face0-1=0:witchery/log_alder,face2-3=4000:witchery/log_alder,face4-5=0:witchery/log_alder_top
block:id=%witchlog,data=6,face0-1=0:witchery/log_hawthorn,face2-3=4000:witchery/log_hawthorn,face4-5=0:witchery/log_hawthorn_top
block:id=%witchlog,data=7,face0-1=0:witchery/log_rowan,face2-3=4000:witchery/log_rowan,face4-5=0:witchery/log_rowan_top
block:id=%witchlog,data=8,face0-1=4000:witchery/log_rowan,face2-3=0:witchery/log_rowan_top,face4-5=4000:witchery/log_rowan
block:id=%witchlog,data=9,face0-1=4000:witchery/log_alder,face2-3=0:witchery/log_alder_top,face4-5=4000:witchery/log_alder
block:id=%witchlog,data=10,face0-1=4000:witchery/log_hawthorn,face2-3=0:witchery/log_hawthorn_top,face4-5=4000:witchery/log_hawthorn
block:id=%witchlog,data=11,face0-1=4000:witchery/log_rowan,face2-3=0:witchery/log_rowan_top,face4-5=4000:witchery/log_rowan
block:id=%witchlog,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/log_rowan
block:id=%witchlog,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/log_alder
block:id=%witchlog,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/log_hawthorn
block:id=%witchlog,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/log_rowan

# %witchleaves:* (witchleaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchLeaves
block:id=%witchleaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:witchery/leaves_rowan
block:id=%witchleaves,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=399933,face0-5=17000:witchery/leaves_alder
block:id=%witchleaves,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=66AA66,face0-5=17000:witchery/leaves_hawthorn
block:id=%witchleaves,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:witchery/leaves_rowan
block:id=%witchleaves,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=399933,face0-5=17000:witchery/leaves_alder
block:id=%witchleaves,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=66AA66,face0-5=17000:witchery/leaves_hawthorn
block:id=%witchleaves,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:witchery/leaves_rowan
block:id=%witchleaves,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=399933,face0-5=17000:witchery/leaves_alder
block:id=%witchleaves,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=66AA66,face0-5=17000:witchery/leaves_hawthorn
block:id=%witchleaves,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:witchery/leaves_rowan
block:id=%witchleaves,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=399933,face0-5=17000:witchery/leaves_alder
block:id=%witchleaves,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=66AA66,face0-5=17000:witchery/leaves_hawthorn
block:id=%witchleaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:witchery/leaves_rowan

# %voidbramble:* (voidbramble), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockVoidBramble
block:id=%voidbramble,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/voidBramble

# %bramble:* (bramble), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockBramble
block:id=%bramble,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/bramble_ender
block:id=%bramble,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/bramble_wild
block:id=%bramble,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/bramble_ender

# %glintweed:* (glintweed), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockGlintWeed
block:id=%glintweed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/glintWeed

# %spanishmoss:* (spanishmoss), render=(VINE), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockSpanishMoss
block:id=%spanishmoss,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=14000:witchery/spanishMoss

# %leapinglily:* (leapinglily), render=(LILYPAD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockLeapingLily
block:id=%leapinglily,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=15000:minecraft/waterlily

# %plantmine:* (plantmine), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockPlantMine
block:id=%plantmine,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/flower_rose
block:id=%plantmine,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/flower_dandelion
block:id=%plantmine,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/deadbush
block:id=%plantmine,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/flower_rose

# %embermoss:* (embermoss), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockEmberMoss
block:id=%embermoss,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/embermoss

# %crittersnare:* (crittersnare), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockCritterSnare
block:id=%crittersnare,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_empty
block:id=%crittersnare,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_bat
block:id=%crittersnare,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_silverfish
block:id=%crittersnare,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_slime
block:id=%crittersnare,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_magmacube
block:id=%crittersnare,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_empty
block:id=%crittersnare,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_bat
block:id=%crittersnare,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_silverfish
block:id=%crittersnare,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_slime
block:id=%crittersnare,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_magmacube
block:id=%crittersnare,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/critterSnare_empty

# %grassper:* (grassper), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockGrassper
block:id=%grassper,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/grassper

# %bloodrose:* (bloodrose), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockBloodRose
block:id=%bloodrose,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/bloodrose
block:id=%bloodrose,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/bloodrose_full

# %somniancotton:* (somniancotton), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockCotton
block:id=%somniancotton,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/somnianCotton

# %demonheart:* (demonheart), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockDemonHeart
block:id=%demonheart,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/demonHeart

# %witchwood:* (witchwood), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchWood
block:id=%witchwood,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan
block:id=%witchwood,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_alder
block:id=%witchwood,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_hawthorn
block:id=%witchwood,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan

# %stairswoodrowan:* (stairswoodrowan), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchWoodStairs
block:id=%stairswoodrowan,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan

# %stairswoodalder:* (stairswoodalder), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchWoodStairs
block:id=%stairswoodalder,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_alder

# %stairswoodhawthorn:* (stairswoodhawthorn), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchWoodStairs
block:id=%stairswoodhawthorn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_hawthorn

# %witchwoodslab:* (witchwoodslab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchWoodSlab
block:id=%witchwoodslab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan
block:id=%witchwoodslab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_alder
block:id=%witchwoodslab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_hawthorn
block:id=%witchwoodslab,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan
block:id=%witchwoodslab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_alder
block:id=%witchwoodslab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_hawthorn
block:id=%witchwoodslab,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan

# %witchwooddoubleslab:* (witchwooddoubleslab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchWoodSlab
block:id=%witchwooddoubleslab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan
block:id=%witchwooddoubleslab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_alder
block:id=%witchwooddoubleslab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_hawthorn
block:id=%witchwooddoubleslab,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan
block:id=%witchwooddoubleslab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_alder
block:id=%witchwooddoubleslab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_hawthorn
block:id=%witchwooddoubleslab,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/planks_rowan

# %rowanwooddoor:* (rowanwooddoor), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchDoor
block:id=%rowanwooddoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/door_rowan_upper,patch1=0:witchery/door_rowan_lower

# %alderwooddoor:* (alderwooddoor), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchDoor
block:id=%alderwooddoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/door_wood_upper,patch1=0:minecraft/door_wood_lower

# %chalice:* (chalice), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockChalice
block:id=%chalice,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/chalice

# %candelabra:* (candelabra), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockCandelabra
block:id=%candelabra,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/candelabra

# %placeditem:* (placeditem), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockPlacedItem
block:id=%placeditem,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %alluringskull:* (alluringskull), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockAlluringSkull
block:id=%alluringskull,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/soul_sand

# %wickerbundle:* (wickerbundle), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWickerBundle
block:id=%wickerbundle,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:witchery/wicker_block_plain_top,face2-5=0:witchery/wicker_block_plain_side
block:id=%wickerbundle,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_top,face2-5=0:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_side
block:id=%wickerbundle,data=4,face0-1=0:witchery/wicker_block_plain_side,face2-3=4000:witchery/wicker_block_plain_side,face4-5=0:witchery/wicker_block_plain_top
block:id=%wickerbundle,data=5,face0-1=0:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_side,face2-3=4000:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_side,face4-5=0:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_top
block:id=%wickerbundle,data=8,face0-1=4000:witchery/wicker_block_plain_side,face2-3=0:witchery/wicker_block_plain_top,face4-5=4000:witchery/wicker_block_plain_side
block:id=%wickerbundle,data=9,face0-1=4000:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_side,face2-3=0:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_top,face4-5=4000:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_side
block:id=%wickerbundle,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/wicker_block_plain_side
block:id=%wickerbundle,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/wicker_block_bloodied_side

# %glowglobe:* (glowglobe), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockGlowGlobe
block:id=%glowglobe,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/glowGlobe

# %statuegoddess:* (statuegoddess), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockStatueGoddess
block:id=%statuegoddess,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %stockade:* (stockade), render=com.emoniph.witchery.client.renderer.RenderStockade(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockStockade
block:id=%stockade,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_oak_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/log_oak
block:id=%stockade,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_spruce_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/log_spruce
block:id=%stockade,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_birch_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/log_birch
block:id=%stockade,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_jungle_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/log_jungle
block:id=%stockade,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:witchery/log_rowan_top,face2-5=0:witchery/log_rowan
block:id=%stockade,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:witchery/log_alder_top,face2-5=0:witchery/log_alder
block:id=%stockade,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:witchery/log_hawthorn_top,face2-5=0:witchery/log_hawthorn
block:id=%stockade,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_acacia_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/log_acacia
block:id=%stockade,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_big_oak_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/log_big_oak
block:id=%stockade,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_oak_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/log_oak

# %perpetualice:* (perpetualice), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockPerpetualIce
block:id=%perpetualice,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/ice

# %infinityegg:* (infinityegg), render=(DRAGONEGG), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockInfinityEgg
block:id=%infinityegg,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/dragon_egg

# %refillingchest:* (refillingchest), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockRefillingChest
block:id=%refillingchest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %force:* (force), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockForce
block:id=%force,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/force

# %tormentstone:* (tormentstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockForce
block:id=%tormentstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/mycelium_top

# %barrier:* (barrier), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockBarrier
block:id=%barrier,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/barrier

# %leechchest:* (leechchest), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockLeechChest
block:id=%leechchest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %altar:* (altar), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockAltar
block:id=%altar,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:witchery/altar_top,face2-5=0:witchery/altar
block:id=%altar,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:witchery/altar_top,face1=0:witchery/altar_joined_top,face2-5=0:witchery/altar_joined

# %kettle:* (kettle), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockKettle
block:id=%kettle,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/kettle

# %poppetshelf:* (poppetshelf), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockPoppetShelf
block:id=%poppetshelf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/poppetShelf

# %dreamcatcher:* (dreamcatcher), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockDreamCatcher
block:id=%dreamcatcher,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak
block:id=%dreamcatcher,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak
block:id=%dreamcatcher,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %crystalball:* (crystalball), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockCrystalBall
block:id=%crystalball,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/crystalball

# %spiritportal:* (spiritportal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockSpiritPortal
block:id=%spiritportal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/portal

# %tormentportal:* (tormentportal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockTormentPortal
block:id=%tormentportal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/portal

# %spinningwheel:* (spinningwheel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockSpinningWheel
block:id=%spinningwheel,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/spinningwheel

# %brazier:* (brazier), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockBrazier
block:id=%brazier,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/brazier

# %witchesovenidle:* (witchesovenidle), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchesOven
block:id=%witchesovenidle,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/witchesOven

# %witchesovenburning:* (witchesovenburning), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockWitchesOven
block:id=%witchesovenburning,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/witchesOven

# %fumefunnel:* (fumefunnel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockFumeFunnel
block:id=%fumefunnel,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/fumefunnel

# %filteredfumefunnel:* (filteredfumefunnel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockFumeFunnel
block:id=%filteredfumefunnel,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/fumefunnel

# %distilleryidle:* (distilleryidle), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockDistillery
block:id=%distilleryidle,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/distillery

# %distilleryburning:* (distilleryburning), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockDistillery
block:id=%distilleryburning,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:witchery/distillery

# %scarecrow:* (scarecrow), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockFetish
block:id=%scarecrow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/scarecrow

# %trent:* (trent), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockFetish
block:id=%trent,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/trent

# %witchsladder:* (witchsladder), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockFetish
block:id=%witchsladder,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:witchery/witchsladder

# %decurseteleport:* (decurseteleport), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockAreaMarker
block:id=%decurseteleport,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %decursedirected:* (decursedirected), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockAreaMarker
block:id=%decursedirected,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %statueofworship:* (statueofworship), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockStatueOfWorship
block:id=%statueofworship,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %circle:* (circle), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockCircle
block:id=%circle,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/heartGlyph

# %circleglyphritual:* (circleglyphritual), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockCircleGlyph
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.1
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.2
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.3
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.4
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.5
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.6
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.7
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.8
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.9
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.10
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.11
block:id=%circleglyphritual,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph1.12

# %circleglyphotherwhere:* (circleglyphotherwhere), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockCircleGlyph
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.1
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.2
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.3
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.4
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.5
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.6
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.7
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.8
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.9
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.10
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.11
block:id=%circleglyphotherwhere,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph2.12

# %circleglyphinfernal:* (circleglyphinfernal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockCircleGlyph
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.1
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.2
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.3
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.4
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.5
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.6
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.7
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.8
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.9
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.10
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.11
block:id=%circleglyphinfernal,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:witchery/circleglyph3.12

# %spiritflowing:* (spiritflowing), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockFlowingSpirit
block:id=%spiritflowing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:witchery/flowspirit_still,face2-5=12000:witchery/flowspirit_flow

# %hollowtears:* (hollowtears), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.emoniph.witchery.blocks.BlockFlowingSpirit
block:id=%hollowtears,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:witchery/tears_still,face2-5=12000:witchery/tears_flow
